but who is this what does it look like ?
a face it looks like a face .
and who's this ?
fish .
can this fish run ?
what does a fish do hum what's the fish do ?
should we put the fish in here ?
okay do you wanna make something ?
Matty I wonder if we could make a pumpkin face in the Play_Doh do you think we could try that let's see .
ah look at that .
did you see ?
do you wanna make one like that ?
you wanna make it on this side ?
oh look at that .
&-uh &~ha his head yep .
what's this part is that a part of the pumpkin head too ?
yeah momma get a paper towel .
what are you eating there ?
popsicle .
oh no it's actually broken look at that .
what happened what happened to the Play_Doh thing ?
or not the Play_Doh what happened to the see what happened to the &-uh popsicle ?
broken , yeah .
Momma throw this out okay maybe later you can have more but it's kind of just got all broken .
are you doing more with the Play_Doh are you gonna make more with the pumpkin head let's see .
oh my gosh let's see pull it up .
oh wow what did you do there ?
big one what is this now ?
what do we call that ?
a hole yes a big hole .
how did you make that hole hum how'd you make the hole ?
what are you doing with your hands what is that called what you're doing with your hands ?
wow another hole .
what is momma doing with her hands ?
what do they call that ?
hold that ?
what is that ?
what're you making ?
know what that looks like ?
when you sing your song happy birthday happy birthday .
you wanna sing that ?
no ?
here momma take off your green one .
there you go the green one and what's the color you got ?
do you want this one ?
okay .
thank you .
you want what ?
you want the keys ?
you want all those things ?
you want that ?
bumpy things look at those you made little bumpy things .
what's momma doing here ?
cutting it up .
Booboo cut it up too ?
oh look at that .
cut it up and momma eat it ?
is that for momma to eat ?
cut it up it's too big okay .
oh thank you .
what's this what's momma gonna eat what's that ?
oh happy birthday cake thank you .
Matthew how did you make this cake ?
cutting it up ?
did you hafta cook it ?
no open what ?
no open the oven and no cook it we'll just eat the cake without cooking it that's okay right ?
Momma making oh is this the cake let me try it .
oh this is so good thank you you know what Momma needs on it though ?
hold on momma gotta put some frosting on it .
you know frosting on the cake .
see momma's frosting the cake oh that's so good .
whatch you doing there ?
what are you doing ?
you wanna eat that real quick it's melting .
did you know you could do this what am I doing with this ?
what's that stuff do you know ?
I think it's done yeah I think it's done .
frosting it .
frosting oh good job you frosted it all .
and the sandwich oh my gosh that looks great .
what a great sandwich .
what's in the sandwich ?
what's the stuff in the middle that's in the sandwich ?
is it a turkey sandwich ?
and what else would we put on the sandwich turkey and ?
roll it .
that makes it really tasty .
now up is this bread on top ?
oh my great do you wanna try the sandwich ?
oh my you made a bigger sandwich too .
I wonder how this might work on here is it gonna mush it through ?
oh look at that what did I make ?
horsie looks like a horsie .
how did momma make that ?
oh that is a bunny you're right .
how did momma make it ?
what did I do ?
how did I do that do you remember what did I do ?
yeah what are you doing with that good job .
look at that that did it really nice .
okay I'm gonna try this one now .
big sandwich look at that .
you wanna frost it first ?
frosting oh thank you .
even bigger sandwich ?
did you make even a bigger one okay momma grab the whole thing .
tell me when it's all done and ready for me to eat okay .
it's all done now ?
should mama cut it it's kind of big ?
Boo cutting the little bunny up ?
oh that sounds so sad to cut up a little bunny I thought this was a sandwich .
that's a little bunny ?
do you wanna cut up the bunny won't that hurt the bunny ?
cut the bunny up .
may be cause it's only pretend right ?
it's not a real bunny we wouldn't wanna hurt the real bunny .
thank you oh momma break it so she can eat it now .
oh see now that this isn't so big momma can eat this part .
great sandwich thank you .
okay momma try to poke it poke it .
you wanna poke it too ?
you wanna poke the bunny's tummy ?
oh poor bunny .
Momma make a new one momma make a new bunny but I'm not gonna poke it I'm gonna give him a kiss .
Momma give the bunny a kiss .
you gave that one a kiss is he okay now ?
doctor doctor help my tummy .
here we needta give you a little bandaid for his tummy cause remember his tummy got mushed or got poked so here's a bandaid .
is he okay now ?
he got a bandaid yes .
Boo what ?
what did you say ?
did you give the bunny a bandaid ?
momma gave one .
here's my bunny there's my bunny .
I'm just gonna give him maybe I'll give the bunny a little eye .
hum he doesn't have an eye there now he can see .
oh you gonna make little spots .
oh you got a bunch of Play_Doh on there .
whatcha makin ?
wow what did that do ?
bunny up on the tractor ?
oh great where does the bunny go ?
goes up where ?
oh in the nest yes .
go up in the tractor and go up in the nest .
that's a great idea .
there's the nest .
I'm gonna cut around the bunny I don't wanna cut him .
maybe I'll give you the bunny and then you can put him up in the nest too okay ?
yeah here's the bunny you can bring him up in the nest too .
here he is .
oh no what happened to the bunny ?
fell down yeah .
the tractor put him in the nest ?
there you go bunny go up into the nest .
who's gonna be in the nest with him ?
is he gonna see his momma in the nest ?
look at what I made .
a fish do you like that can he go up in the nest too ?
you wanna make a fish ?
oh there he is do you see him in there ?
there's a fish do you see his eyes ?
you're gonna open it ?
oh you're breaking it not open it .
baby what ?
broken nest ?
oh you broke the fishie's mouth .
poor fishy today lots_of things getting broken today .
you hurt the bunny let's see .
oh what does he need ?
what kind of bandaid ?
here's a bandaid .
there you go how_about more bandaids ?
can we put another bandaid on him ?
there's more bandaids .
are you okay bunny ?
what would you say is he okay ?
look at this isn't this pretty how the Play_Doh came out we mixed together the purple and the green isn't that pretty ?
do you wanna grab that ?
did you make a bunny picture I don't see the bunny I just see the .
little duck .
you hafta push harder .
push harder .
now is there a bunny oh yes there's a bunny now .
is he gonna go up where's he going ?
he's going in that nest .
sandwich ?
what if I said I thought this was some juice and I was eating the bunny .
huh it's a bunny and I thought it was juice .
it's getting kind of hard I think you can use it but it's getting kind of hard .
how are you going to get that out ?
get it out this ?
well you grab it go ahead get more I really feel like we should throw this stuff away it's yucky .
it doesn't stick together anymore see ?
it's sposta stick together see how this sticks together .
this isn't sticky anymore you wanna just dig it out and then we'll put it in the garbage .
oh no what happened to that what happened to that Play_Doh ?
hum where'd it go what happened to it ?
yeah momma go in Boo Boo's room .
oh my gosh no don't push them all on the floor that would be too messy .
Matty what do you have on now ?
oh what did mommy say it's too messy honey don't throw them on the floor .
okay let's go in your room .
you got the hiccups don't you ?
oh do you wanna show her these ?
all the toys .
do you wanna show these ?
what are these ?
dog ?
remember Matty what did we get the other day at the park that was pretend remember what we had in our car ?
that's right we had a pretend dog what color was the pretend dog we had ?
black yes .
what did we do with that dog Matty ?
bring him home yeah .
two cats and what did the cats do ?
fly away .
pretend cats ?
oh yes pretend cats .
what were the cat's names ?
oh you can sit on momma's lap because when you were the purse it's hard to sit .
you don't want the baby purse ?
well I think we're almost done .
yeah oh should we look at this real quick .
ready .
what's that car doing ?
it's driving all .
what's that what's that doing ?
hum ?
&-uh oh crashing .
poor tractor .
whatchoo got there ?
oh you got your book .
what's this for ?
can you open that it's hard to open isn't it ?
take Buddy outside yes that is similar to his leash right ?
maybe you should use this for the leash for the black dog .
could this be the leash for the black dog ?
we could hook this on to Buddy's leash or Buddy's collar .
well we can't and then just hold on to this ?
yeah .
take Buddy outside like that .
we already went out we could probably take him out later .
how_about this can it go on this dog ?
okay there we go now you can take this dog out .
I don't think you can go outside just yet wait a few minutes .
you know what we could do we could put some yarn on here and then you can have a real leash for him .
you want momma to put some ribbon or some yarn on here ?
I know where you have some yarn how_about in here .
here's a string .
do you wanna use this for the leash ?
here see can you put that in there for momma ?
okay good and then we tie it .
here you go now you got him on the leash .
hey look at that .
now we just gotta get him to walk right ?
you done ?
how much longer is it on there for ?
about a minute .
only a minute should we count ?
five can you go up to ten keep going .
let's start at the beginning one .
take this dog outside .
he has a hard time walking .
you're gonna hafta pull him yeah .
before we go outside Momma hasta feed the pets okay ?
