look it mousie I got a balloon that's what you said .
you wanna put it right there ?
it says kiss me and hug me .
that's a great idea Erin actually cause then we'll pick it up from both .
that's what it says what do you wanna show Erin today ?
you wanna show her whatchu got yesterday ?
what is that ?
it's a monkey ?
yeah .
where's the monkey ?
what did you do to get him out ?
push the button and then the monkey does the monkey come out more ?
can he crawl around ?
he's stuck there .
well you had your train set up some of the time .
remember what we've been playing with your train a little bit and ?
I do remember that the cow wanted to go on the bus and we said you said what did you say when the cow wanted to go on the bus ?
you can't .
the cow can't go on the bus that's right .
do you you sure you don't wanna wear these ?
no I wear it okay .
now let's play with these maybe .
well what should we do with your mousie ?
that's what it says it says hug me kiss me .
oh .
book .
baby animals .
yep that's a book we got where did you get that ?
at my work you're right in my work that's right .
whoa I have an idea do you wanna tell Erin about the Scooby Doo movie you watched ?
&-uh huh a Scooby Doo movie how_about the one what happens with the one with the aliens ?
yeah we watched the one with the aliens .
so what were the people doing in that movie ?
they picked them up and put them in the alien ship that's right .
and then the green aliens hurt them and then what happened ?
I tell you well was it real aliens or was it people ?
people pretending to be aliens yep .
yep and then was that a scary movie that you watched or was it okay ?
a scary movie yes .
it got dropped yes it did get dropped .
where did it come for ?
from you're thinking where did we get this ?
&-um I don't know .
you think this was Spencer's maybe it could've been Spencer's .
what did what should we do with the car ?
is this right ?
it's sposta be the train go on there yeah it is sposta be the train .
hey you know we didn't read your heart book can we read it ?
I know I know you made two heart books where's you know where the other one is ?
where ?
you left it at school well here's one .
can we read this remember yesterday I wanted to read this and you said no .
can I read it today ?
but today is Valentine's Day .
can you read it for me what's it say ?
have hearts in there okay how_about here ?
on the door .
on the window .
on the floor .
look at that glue on the floor yes .
&-um hm and the scissors .
what does this page say ?
have hearts on the cake .
it's sposta not be hearts on the cake what's it sposta be on the cake ?
what did we put on daddy's cake for daddy's birthday ?
dinosaurs .
did you eat the dinosaurs ?
oh no does he got your balloon .
does he got your balloon .
you had it on the books yes you did .
you had it on the books you wanna keep it on the books is it sposta be on the books ?
is it okay now ?
okay .
what happened with Sammy ?
he tried to knock it over yes .
oh hearts on the cake and then we'll do a couple more .
hearts on the ?
what else ?
wait wait what did we do with socks this morning ?
tell Erin about the socks .
we put them on the mousie why did we put em on the mousie ?
he put them on the socks that was kind of loud .
that hurt my ears .
so we put the socks on the mousie this morning .
hearts on the table .
hearts on the wall .
yeah great reading you did a good job reading that story .
good job oh what can we do with this ?
it makes a big ?
oh no what happened to it ?
what happened to it ?
I don't know either .
I think it maybe the batteries got too old .
what should we have daddy do ?
it needs a new battery .
it needs to be fixed .
oh .
oh I know something we did that was kind of fun did we take your bike out the other day ?
and then what happened while we were outside ?
and you were on your bike ?
you got Baby Dotty's in your hand .
you still got her in your hand that's right .
and who else did we find when we were outside ?
Flick we found Flick and then what did we do when we got home do you remember with Baby Dot and Flick ?
you taked a bath with Baby Dot .
because why what was coming down from the sky when we were outside ?
yeah .
yeah .
and did we get super ?
super wet we did we took his bike out and it was sprinkling just a little bit and then where did we go with your bike ?
and then it started raining very hard .
and then we got super wet .
and then the day before we went to whose house did we go to ?
remember whose house did we go and it was super muddy ?
Roman and Sophies's house what did we do at their house ?
get new pants for him .
and you shared them that's right you did share them .
whoa are you what are you doing ?
you're sleeping .
I wanna build .
okay thank you .
what are you gonna build a tower &-um I think so .
don't build it super high how's this good or too high ?
you hafta ask go ahead .
yes you can knock it down .
you are Baby Dot can you fly yet ?
who's Baby Dot ?
oh she does not know what movie is Baby Dot in ?
Bug's Life .
is Baby Dot a bug ?
now is Baby Dot what kind of bug is Baby Dot ?
a tiny bug she's a little ant and and she is a girl .
he hasta pretend to be a girl yes .
oh can I build the tower again ?
&-uh oh look who's back .
he really likes Erin a_lot .
you moved it that was a good idea .
you moved it where are you gonna put it ?
in the wagon .
yeah then Sammy can't mess it up .
hey did Erin know that you were on tv ?
oh really .
were you on tv ?
it's jumping ?
he says you can't jump there's a mean neighbor in here .
tell him he hasta be very quiet quiet balloon .
and you too don't you bang don't you bang cause that mean neighbor what will she do if it's loud ?
if we make noise what will the mean neighbor do ?
do you remember what did she do ?
you got your balloon there what are you doing with the balloon ?
hm can you say what you're doing with the balloon ?
putting it super high .
it is gonna make noise .
that hurts my ears .
that is kind of loud with this little clip now the clip is for wearing it .
you wanna wear the balloon ?
see there you go .
you don't wanna wear the balloon ?
should we oh I was gonna put it on Sammy .
could you show Erin what do you do with these little clips ?
did you show Erin you did a great job with those ?
they fell into the blocks they sure did .
ah move em ?
okay .
bonk .
oh it's gonna bonk on my head I see .
it's gonna fall ?
oh careful .
I just was worried you're gonna fall .
what should we play with ?
do you wanna play with the garage ?
where they &-um sweetie you wanna play with the garage where they can wash the cars ?
okay why don't you grab it .
and maybe we can wash this guy .
does he needta be washed ?
should we wash him up ?
okay want me to grab it or are you gonna grab it ?
that the cleaner thing .
you know for the car wash and fixing you know that one .
you wanna use the big one okay .
it has a garage in there yes it has a place to be fixed .
this is where it can get washed this is the washer part .
once you get fixed you gotta bring it here .
it's gotta be up there yep .
okay .
where should we fix it ?
I think the fixing part could be under here .
he's not under ?
Sammy came back yeah .
maybe you should keep it in your wagon so Sammy does not bother it .
you wanna leave it down how_about if we put it right here ?
is that good then we'll know if Sammy's gonna come ?
hear him what's he doing ?
meow ?
okay now did you wanna fix your circus car ?
now do you think this this part of a train or part of a car or what ?
it's part of the circus .
you wanna go what ?
you wanna go on the circus ?
how do you go on the circus ?
you're too big .
you got on top of the garage .
put it up there you want it that high ?
no .
how_about ?
you wanna go out_of your room ?
alright remember we've gotta be quiet if we're gonna go in the living room though .
you alright you wanna grab it we can do it .
let's go in the living room then .
do you wanna see what the neighbor lady gave you ?
should we check ?
this was so nice .
why don't you open it ?
that says Andrea and Jason that looks like that one's for mommy and daddy .
oh candies .
you want one of the candies why don't you open that and see what else is in here ?
M and M's .
you want me to open these up for you ?
alright what do you think is inside here ?
I don't know .
heart candies could be .
oh that's great who's on there ?
it's a toy maybe .
hm let's check ooh what are those ?
those are great !
you wanna put that back on .
you can do it oh you did not need my help .
great job that's great it's a thing to carry stuff in .
what could you put in here besides M and M's ?
you wanna put M and M's in there ?
okay I'll open it up .
you wanna put the M and M's in that one ?
alright .
me I thought you might wanna dump them in .
me dump them in okay .
okay .
oh I forgot we that one left .
here you go .
oh like this ?
okay .
there's the M and M guy .
you wanna dance with him ?
okay go ahead .
no Boo we can't really dance in here sweetie .
we usually dance on the bed but daddy's in there doing a little work .
how_about do you wanna build with these ?
or work on your puzzle ?
you wanna clip it on your sock ?
does that hurt your toe ?
okay here let's clip it like that .
there you go .
now you got that on your toe .
are you gonna clip it again ?
there you go .
that is great .
now what did you wanna do ?
do your puzzle .
you know what do you think you might wanna show Erin from this ?
this is kind of funny .
you have a mousie ?
and this these are green green elephant and green mousie .
but are they sposta be ?
what color are they sposta be do you know ?
that's right you can not jump because_of the mean neighbor .
cause of the mean neighbor .
is that where the lion goes ?
maybe we should keep this out and then we can see where some of the pieces go should we do that like one little area and then B comes next and then C you wanna do it that way ?
what should we do to do the puzzle first ?
you wanna put that one right there ?
well what should we do with these pieces ?
should we put them out so we can see them ?
you don't wanna do the puzzle ?
oh you do .
you don't know how to do it well we'll do it together .
remember we do it how we gotta figure out we gotta follow the line remember ?
remember what this part is called ?
what's this part called when it's got the two lines remember what that's called ?
froggy yeah it's a froggy .
this is the corner remember the corner .
yeah where the two lines come together that's a corner .
there are a_lot of these pieces .
you know that reminds me of the bunny rattle .
do you remember that ?
oh my that is kind of loud .
okay you wanna start ?
okay come over here .
well which one do we need first ?
A is for apple where's the apple one ?
I found it ?
you want me to find it ?
.
alright I'll start A .
now we need the B where's the B ?
you're stuck ?
Baby Dot's flying are you flying now ?
remember in the movie where does she when does she start to fly ?
at the end that's right .
and why was she remember who was chasing her when she started to fly ?
yes actually or was it Thumper I think it was Thumper the mean one the really mean one .
the big one is who ?
Hopper yes .
what's the first one's name ?
&-um the first what grasshopper ?
well there's Hopper and Thumper I don't know the other names .
the big one is Hopper and the kind of mean one is Thumper .
I don't know if they have any names .
they just call em grasshoppers I don't think they have names .
do you remember who does Flick go to get in the movie ?
the circus bugs right .
and what do the circus bugs do ?
you dropped em huh ?
they got a little broken that's okay .
are you gonna put em back in ?
you like em broken okay .
you're gonna eat em now okay here you go .
we'll hafta maybe vacuum the floor .
would you like to see if Erin would like any ?
no thanks .
oh she does not want one ?
no all for you .
can Sammy have some ?
I think he wants your balloon .
that's true he likes the balloon a_lot .
well we only got an A .
we need B for bird now .
alright I'll get it but you gotta tell me where it goes .
where does this one go ?
well does it go here or does it go here or here where should I put it ?
in the middle .
right there ?
right there .
I did I put it kind of in the middle .
now we have C C for carrot .
where does this one go ?
next_to the bird okay .
I don't know I think that the birds mostly eat little berries .
I don't know if they eat it they could though maybe .
should we see if he wants to eat it do you wanna eat a carrot ?
what did the birds say ?
okay now we need D where does the D go ?
D is for ?
yeah where's the dog one go ?
down there right here ?
hum ?
put it up there way up here ?
where's it go ?
in the puzzle okay in the puzzle right here ?
tell me .
where should I put it ?
oh put it next_to the carrot alright .
now I gotta find E .
oh is he green ?
a little bit green he's kind of green actually don't you think ?
he's sposta be gray like gray squirrel bushy tail .
he's sposta be gray he looks a little green .
okay now we need F F is for ?
I do like your balloon .
oh that's where the F is right by the balloon .
should I go get it ?
should I give Sammy the balloon ?
no .
okay well what's the F for F is for what ?
you want me to keep Sammy away ?
you want me to put him in your room .
well why don't we just put him right here .
now he's not by the balloon .
he's not going by the balloon he's way over there .
why do you think Sammy wants your balloon ?
because ?
he wants your balloon because ?
he wants to eat it ?
because why ?
what does he say ?
you want me to tell Sammy he can't have it ?
okay watch .
Sammy you cannot have the balloon .
is that good ?
that is Matty's balloon .
who gave you the balloon do you remember ?
daddy actually it was the nice neighbors .
they gave you that balloon and this what is this ?
yeah and a nice little holder for the M and M's that's what they gave you .
a nice little present .
and then a balloon .
