yeah why don't we tell her what happens in the story ? 

who is this girl ?
you want me to wear it ?
is that Dorothy and then she has a dog and his name is Joe .
well what's the dog's name ?
Toto well then what happens next ?
a big tornado comes and then what happens to Dorothy ?
remember she was sleeping and then she woke up and what did she see ?
her shoes fell off who's shoes are these ?
remember what these guys are called ?
the munchkins .
if you do not wanna read the story then we can do something else .
okay well then you hafta tell the story I can read the whole thing for you after Erin goes but right now she wants to hear you talk .
do you not feel good today ?
should we go in your playroom okay let's go in your playroom .
Erin has not seen these !
what do you wanna do ?
you do wanna go to the playroom okay let's go .
what is that ?
what's the monkey face do ?
where did you get that monkey face ?
yes you did get that at daddy's work .
okay are we going into your playroom ?
you did knock me down .
so what can you do in your new house ?
run and jump yes you can .
you what ?
you fell you sure did okay look at this new playroom !
it is all cleaned up it's getting there we've been working on cleaning it .
what did we find ?
what had happened to Diesel train ?
he fell in where ?
yes that's true in the movie he fell into the water but he was missing at our house and when we moved what happened ?
yes we found him when we moved .
did that make you happy ?
what do you do with this ball ?
good job Matty .
now I thought we were not going to take that and move with it now who should we give that to ?
what's a baby sposta do with that ?
we did not tell Erin what we did at Easter time .
what did you do on Easter morning when we woke up ?
found the eggs you sure did .
what is under there ?
a train a whole train was under there .
this is a great play room for you .
do you wanna do beads ?
okay that is a good idea .
do we wanna use this one or make a new one ?
a new one okay .
did you tell Erin what we did with grandma and grandpa when they visited did we go to the movies with grandma and grandpa ?
yeah to the movies .
did we go to the hotel ?
yes we did .
are you ready to make the snake he's ready ?
okay which one are you gonna put on there ?
a green one okay .
how do you do it how do you put that on ?
push through good job .
now what's gonna happen to him ?
what did he do ?
he falled yes he falled .
why he fell ?
hm because he was going down a big slide .
did you get any presents while grandma and grandpa were here ?
what did you get ?
a Clifford yes you did get a Clifford .
and what's kind of funny about the Clifford do you remember what's funny about the Clifford ?
what_about his ears ?
bunny ears on Clifford yes .
did grandma and grandpa bring you anything else ?
oh the thing that you got from Nanolds what was that that you got from Nanonolds ?
a kitty cat .
from grandma and grandpa you got the kitty cat from Nanolds ?
and then Matty and grandpa did you go to the library with grandpa ?
you did not go inside though ?
oh you went inside with daddy .
you were open ?
oh the library was open what'd you get at the library ?
oh you got two Wizard of Oz books that's right cause you got one at the library yesterday and then today I think daddy got you a new one .
what's your favorite part ?
is it something with the witch ?
she meets the mean witch yes .
the flying monkey's what ?
you like that part with the flying monkey's what do the flying monkey's do ?
they get Dorothy and her dog and then what do they do with Dorothy and her dog ?
did they put snakes on Dorothy and Toto ?
no what do they do with Dorothy and Toto ?
I think that they put them in the mean mean castle and then somebody comes and saves Dorothy .
the scarecrow and the tin man they come and save her .
oh the lion he comes too ?
and then how do they get rid of the witch at the end ?
are the witches and the flying monkey's real ?
if they're not real what are they ?
I'm trying to think of what else we've been doing well you and daddy went to go see a movie .
Ice Age .
I was wondering Matty did you wanna go to the library tonight ?
what do you like to do when you're at the library ?
you wanna get a tiny pile a tiny pile of what ?
a tiny pile of books ?
what else do you like to do at the library ?
play on the computer .
are you almost done making your snake ?
with a little bit more it's gonna be a long snake .
is this my eye ?
what is this ?
a bead .
what's this one ?
orange what ?
what do we need him to be ?
oh he's eating this part of my arm too is he a very hungry snake ?
did you work on these with daddy ?
you did a good job on those puzzles .
do you wanna try to put them in piles ?
here's the red group and the yellow group and the blue group and the orange group .
how are you making them here ?
like I did the red ones I put these together right ?
should I put them in a little circle or should they be in a line ?
should I put this on here or does it needta go somewhere else ?
can he go over here or where's he sposta go .
how are they sposta go ?
oh my gosh .
they're sposta go like that ?
which ones are left ?
you want me to take this one off why where is he sposta go ?
he's sposta go in this line okay .
but what_about these guys what are we sposta do with them ?
gonna put them in a line .
well which ones are those ?
over here ?
over here will be the green ones okay and then ?
these guys go in the middle okay that sounds like a good idea .
well what_about these guys are they okay over here or should they be in this general area ?
they should be in the general area okay so where are these gonna go ?
in this aisle okay .
where should we put the oranges ?
this goes in this part .
looks like they're all done .
they're watching a movie .
where's the movie being shown where's the screen ?
right there okay here .
there it is there's where they're watching .
oh it's sposta be something from Monsters Inc well I do not know where Monsters Inc is .
well here this is from Monsters Inc .
no it does not have Sully but at least they can watch Mike .
where is Sully ?
what happened ?
you crashed it ?
now they say I wanna see I needta go onto your shoulders .
now where are these guys gonna go ?
on these shoulders .
yes everybody is going up on lots_of shoulders they're going to be very very tall now .
I don't know if Erin knows what that song is from ?
Darth Vader song .
oh my gosh what are those ?
monster fingers .
let's see if we have enough for each finger here's one and this one is what ?
what do you think Erin's gonna do when you have the whole monster hand ?
