hey what does that sound like ? 

frogs and bugs this is cool I did not know how this did that now what part did you want me to do ?
oh you want me to put this on this no I'm not sure how to do this sweetie you know cause actually oops it turned off we don't want we wanna push it again .
I think that you just end up having the little tiny lantern but we do need a battery don't we cause it is not on .
no we're staying in here .
what d y wanna get ?
oh your other flashlight well let's just stay in here sweetie cause there's lots and lots_of toys all around if we don't wanna get every single toy .
let's pretend we're camping like you said could this be our plate ?
would you like me to make you some some bacon and eggs ?
okay .
now did you wanna tell Ericka about your birthday party ?
who came to your birthday party ?
you don't wanna ?
well I'll tell her the story .
Roman came and hm who else came ?
Sophie came too and who else came ?
James !
what'd we do at the party ?
so you blew out the candles and then you and then they sang happy birthday to Matthew ?
oh wow what else did we do you remember ?
hm ?
oh a blah blah blah oh my gosh .
well then what kind of presents did you get for your birthday ?
R two D two yes who else ?
Matty please come here .
you like to what ?
you like to bonk that on your head oh my gosh !
well looks like your eggs are ready now !
this is something he got for his birthday too .
oh my gosh looks like your super hungry you ate that just like a bear would .
do you wanna tell Ericka about sometimes when you are little bear ?
you are little bear today huh ?
what does little bear do ?
hm ?
crawl what else does little bear do ?
put it on his head that could be like a tiny bear cave .
how bout I go get the blanket there's actually some blankets in there .
why n't you come with me we'll grab it and we'll set up the bear cave okay ?
the blankets are in the closet though .
how do you do it how do you set up the bear cave ?
okay so you just take this off and then you just put it on top of it ?
okay how , how we do it like that ?
you want it on this too okay .
hm is that good ?
now what will what do they do in the bear cave .
oh little bear sleeps under here .
does little bear sleep in the summer or when does little bear sleep ?
today ?
good_night little bear !
when you get up be careful you do not hit your head .
it's wake up time now what is little bear gonna do ?
just come out great idea .
oh remember yesterday when we were in the bear cave we told stories you know Ericka does not know the story about the little mouse .
what happened to the little mouse ?
he fell off the truck !
where does where was the mice family going ?
okay and then what happened ?
and then they were looking for the little mouse .
but did they what was the little mouse doing when after he fell off the truck ?
he just eating berries and then what happened ?
what are you gonna do ?
you wanna get the berry out ?
oh you got a berry out thank you is this for me to eat ?
well thank you I was so hungry !
was that little mouse hungry for the picnic ?
why is this part here hm its just this is part of the seat this is part of the cover to the seat .
I don't know is there it on the other one I don't know is it ?
how bout what ?
oh hold you hold you for mommy bear okay .
do you wanna wear that ?
do you want me to wear it or you gonna wear it ?
you want me to wear it okay I'll wear it .
little bear .
do I wanna come in I think I'm too big .
when I'm bigger I can try to come in ?
I think only my head would fit should I just put my head under ?
I think only my head would fit oh your bear cave is collapsing anyway let me try to make it higher now .
lets pretend that I come to visit you at your bear cave .
lets say I come to bring you some pizza .
knock knock .
do bears like pizza you think ?
oh okay so pretend I came by and brought you pizza then .
hello hello did you order the pizza ?
you like berries oh okay .
I know your bear cave I say is collapsing let's try to fix it .
okay so you don't want any pizza what would you like to order ?
okay .
knock knock .
is anyone home ?
I brought you some here's some berries .
but wait you hafta pay me !
here's my money okay thank you bye !
would you like to order anything else ?
okay bye .
little bear little bear you wanna go swimming ?
okay .
let's go find a pool okay .
this is where the pool is ?
okay we're gonna what are we doin to the water ?
you try to catch me ?
oh wait or do I gotta try to catch you little bear ?
you gotta try to catch me !
okay I'm gonna jump !
did you catch me ?
oh I don't think I will fit in there sweetie .
you wanna hide in there ?
are you hiding in the pool ?
yeah ?
you hafta hide under the water ?
well then and then if you hide under the water then no one will see you !
that is a pretty good place to hide but you gotta make sure you come up and take a breath .
cause you hafta breathe you can't breathe under water right ?
no are you gonna come on out from the water now ?
was that fun ?
did you get tired swimming ?
oh you just were breathing you said oh you just breathe .
oh now you're under the water again .
here I'll throw in some berries and you gotta catch em from the bottom of the pool .
did you do that where you hafta try to find things in the water ?
you found the berries thank you .
do you wanna tell Ericka the story of how when you went swimming at Dr Weist's house ?
what did you do when you went swimming ?
you tried to catch daddy yes .
then where was I when you were catching daddy &-uh I think I was sitting on the side .
why didn't I go way way in do you remember what did I say about the water ?
it was too cold !
I did not wanna go swimming in the cold water .
did you go swimming ?
you were just trying to catch daddy .
what did we do after we went swimming hm ?
daddy put you under the water ?
did you get water in your eyes ?
oh my gosh did you cry ?
there's what ?
oh look at all those buckets .
we should put this in your sand box .
not right now but another time .
that would be fun to have in your sandbox .
what is this ?
what's this for ?
oh no oh no you're gonna hurt your head !
well then what happened after you went swimming at Dr Weist's house what'd you do next ?
you were just playing in the water ?
did we have something to eat ?
what did we hafta eat ?
what did we eat at Dr Weist's house ?
did we eat berries ?
little bears would probably do that .
and then .
I think we already got a blanket for our bear cave .
you want one to cover your feet up why don't I get it down .
here here's the one that you one of your favorite ones what's on this one ?
stars .
huh you know I don't .
oh okay put that on your head and then you can put the bucket on your head ?
great idea can you see now ?
no ?
I cannot even see you .
you could ?
how could you see me ?
oh you can lift it up a little bit .
you know Ericka I don't think knows that useta me a twinkle star do you still go to school ?
how come ?
your gonna go in the fall ?
what are you &~gon what are you gonna be in the fall ?
he says he's gonna be a mosquito .
oh a firefly in the fall yes you will be !
you need a bigger blanket oh I think that that is a good size .
why why ?
why you really want that bigger one ?
you want this one ?
the brown one ?
alright I'll give you this one .
hey what are these ?
what are these for ?
okay then we can tell Ericka what what those are for .
these are heating pads what are they for ?
you want something in the bucket ?
that one's for your head and that one's for your feet ?
what ?
this where's this one go then ?
your head well you know I wonder maybe we might needta take this off cause we cannot hear you talking .
lets just cover your head up with the blanket the bucket makes your head too too quiet we cannot hear you .
are you gonna be hot ?
my look at you !
hey you know Ericka also does not know that we went to the zoo last week with James .
and Roman and Sophie too did they come to the zoo with us ?
mm I don't think so Boo .
you wanna play hide and seek ?
maybe we'll play later honey .
cause hide and seek is when we would hafta be separate and counting .
I'd hafta be in another room to play hide and seek with you sweetie .
and then we we needta still do our thing on the tape .
well what kind of animals did you see at the zoo ?
with James you saw the lions sleeping and how bout with daddy when you went ?
the lion roared you're right he did but now we saw him sleeping well which animal roared when you went with James and mommy and Eileen and Gordon then who was roaring ?
mm the tiger .
what was your favorite animal you saw at the zoo ?
you like the elephants oh elephants any other animals you like ?
you like the lion you mean James Lion ?
you like James Lion !
remember when you have that on your head though I cannot hear .
I cannot hear your words they're too quiet .
I'm trying to think about what else we've been doin ?
I ?
you like James Lion yes you do .
you like James Lion did &-uh did James come over this morning before ?
why did mommy become angry though ?
&-um I don't know if it will fit on my head lets see .
oh yeah but now I cannot hear me either .
oh .
oh my gosh can you hear can you still hear me ?
okay .
tell Ericka what you played with James this morning and why momma became angry .
okay .
you were not playing with James nice why what did you not what did you do that was not playing with James nice ?
oh my gosh you did not hit James what did you do with James that was not so nice ?
you put that on his head ?
no someone did not feel like sharing his toys .
you want this on my head now ?
you what did you do I could not hear you what did you talk about Dr Wiest's house ?
you did you ate at Dr Weist's house and you went swimming at his house !
we cannot hear when those are on our head !
how bout .
what ?
doc doc doc ?
is that for Dr Weist ?
doc doc doc ?
well there was one other thing that happened at Dr Weist's house , member ?
well you can watch it later usually we watch Sesame Street later .
because it's not on now it's on later .
well lets see if you can tell Ericka the one other thing you did at Dr Weist's house that was fun you went swimming we ate hotdogs and then did we go for a walk ?
yeah and then what happened to you when you went for a walk ?
you crashed that's true what part did you get hurt on ?
which part ?
your toe well how did you hurt your toe ?
on on the rock on one of the rocks and then what did Mrs Weist do for your toe ?
put a bandaid did she put some foamy stuff on it too ?
I remember that part .
where's your bandaid now ?
that is her keys and stuff .
oh yeah that is her stuff .
you wanna throw that up in the air ?
huh oh my look at this !
oh my what is that !
it's like the book from Star Wars .
there's someone's with the light sabers ?
who's this do you remember who that is ?
Anakin .
I don't know is he oh there he is !
there's Java the hut !
that's three P O you know all of those .
little Anakin now is he nice there ?
how come he becomes mean ?
yeah somebody killed his mommy and daddy and he became very very mad and sad .
this is the new ones this is that's Ben and then that's Quaigon .
those are all kinds of movies you can get yeah .
that's a nice little book but you know what that's an old book you actually can't buy that stuff anymore .
cause it's an old little catalog they don't have it anymore honey .
yeah we do not like the shooting guys right ?
why ?
do we do shooting in our house .
no we do not .
what happens if you do shooting at your house Ericka does not know what happens ?
somebody could die that's true but we do not do shooting because that will be hurting people and if you shoot then you hafta go and go and sit by yourself right ?
but you do not do that too much .
you take those parts off ?
you don't really need those parts okay .
we do not like shooting guys because they hurt people Boo !
who sings that ?
Darth Vader .
how bout who's this guy Ericka does not even know who that is either .
you shot the monkey .
where do you stick that monkey ?
you could stand on the bear cave because you could reach but you cannot !
want me to stick it on there ?
you got another idea ?
here oh my gosh .
what do you think about that monkey ?
he's silly .
he is funny where'd you get that monkey anyway ?
at your daddy Jason's work .
you want me to get down ?
how bout if I get down then would I tickle you ?
oh mommy gets nervous that you might drop that on her head and it would hurt .
okay .
I feel like I'm flying in a spaceship .
you wanna fly in the spaceship with me ?
okay .
this will be yours and then I will have my own and we will where should we fly ?
to Neverland ?
how do you get to Neverland ?
yes but how ?
what do you need ?
a spaceship ?
do you fly a spaceship to Neverland ?
so this is my spaceship and that is your spaceship .
oh we get to both be under the same spaceship ?
okay we're gonna fly !
we're gonna fly oh we should we fly low or high ?
fly super high .
okay are we at Neverland ?
not yet alright .
we still how much further is it oh my I'm getting tired I'll take a nap you tell me when , when we're there okay ?
we're here we're here yeah we can get out_of the spaceship !
now what do we do at Neverland ?
lets go back home ?
oh we don't wanna visit the mermaids ?
you don't wanna we just wanna go back home okay .
let's go back home .
did you how come you wanted to go back home did you miss your daddy ?
yeah .
this is our house right here ?
where do we live ?
we live in the closet !
we could but it would be kind of small .
who wants to live in a closet ?
member what's the show we were watching and they had the boy hadta live in the closet ?
Harry Potter did !
poor Harry Potter !
what happened at Harry Potter's house though ?
do you remember Boo ?
all the letters came !
we gotta do what ?
oh we're not here yet oh okay lets get we got off at the wrong spot .
lets go home more then .
all the letters came and what happened to Harry's cousin ?
he hadta go in the snake that's right he hadta go in the snake cage .
oh okay .
oh you wanna sit down and have me put some on me ?
okay here we go .
okay should we fly fly fast or slow ?
fast .
super fast ?
okay .
ah we made it !
we're not here yet ?
I was feeling a little hot under the blanket maybe you just wanna sit under the blanket .
you need that on your head ?
what if your head was a drum ?
&-um do I know where you are hm ?
are you in the spaceship ?
are you flying home ?
hm .
oh my gosh what happened ?
you land ?
ah ah what is this look a this this this jumping monster thing what is it ?
Matt I had member something Matty to tell you do you remember when in the frog and toad book when when toad dropped the icecream and it got stuck on his head and he was all covered up with leaves and grass and the icecream and what'd everybody think he was ?
a monster but was toad a monster ?
what did he have on him ?
icecream that's what reminded me of just seeing you in the blanket .
well she's right over there .
she's just hangin out .
do you wanna talk to Ericka now ?
you what ?
you're flying home still okay .
oh my gosh .
good job !
you know what reminded me too is when you were banging .
Ericka does not know that we useta have a what ?
a mean neighbor yes what did the mean neighbor do ?
she bang ?
she bang what'd she bang with ?
with her feet ?
yeah that .
you wanna go back home still we useta live in another house and there was a mean neighbor we lived in an apartment and she did not let Matty run or jump and she'd always become very angry and yell at us and so we decided to what Matty ?
what did we decide to do so_that we would not hafta live by the mean neighbor anymore ?
gonna move yeah that's right .
that's a pretty good roll Matty .
do you want me to set you up again ?
and then you gonna do another roll in that ?
okay come ere .
well how bout lets see we'll tell lets tell Ericka one more story and then I'll roll you up .
what story should we tell er ?
should we tell the story about your birthday party ?
