alrighty are we set ? 

are we set ?
it's all set !
okay now what do I sposta do with this play dough ?
put the car on it okay .
oh we gotta make car pictures hm .
do you want me to mush it down more ?
it's actually still pretty thick .
you know I was gonna say if you wanted to tell Ericka about when we went to the beach .
do you remember what did we do at the beach when we went on Friday ?
hm do you remember ?
it's all fixed ooh what kind of road is that ?
what would you say about this road ?
a play dough road .
I wonder there's sposta be a thing that can make it roll .
oh yeah check it out !
it's a track okay .
oh thank you what did you bring for me ?
what did he bring for me ?
he brought some what ?
he brought some pizza !
oh great how'd you know I was hungry ?
here's some more pizza ?
thank you !
do you have &-um do you have a little plate for me ?
how bout this ?
that's a plate okay .
cool I love pizza !
can I have some more cheese on it ?
sprinkle sprinkle sprinkle on there that's great .
oh candles is this like it would be for happy birthday ?
whose birthday is it ?
whose mine ?
oh .
can I should I sing for me or are you gonna sing for me ?
I should sing for me .
happy birthday to me !
I do not know the words how's it go next ?
happy birthday to me .
blow them out !
hm you were helping me yes you were you were helping me .
now thank you for the pizza and for the cake !
well here's the things if you wanna make Wendy's and Bobs see ?
here you go here's to make a Bob .
that's how well when you put it in the mold it will mush it .
you wanted to make a Bob ?
it's really broken no look !
what'd I do ?
I fixed it yep .
alrighty now lets show Ericka now what'd you gotta do ?
mush it .
you hafta check when it is set ?
alright .
how bout this one ?
you gotta check when it is set ?
alright .
alright there you go .
whoa what'd you gotta do ?
push it you gotta be very strong !
okay now are they set yet ?
oh my so what'd you make ?
Wendy do you wanna pull her outta there ?
so_that we can see her ?
I'm not gonna get that .
she doesn't have what ?
I know !
what happened to her face she doesn't have a face !
good question .
how come her face did not come out ?
hm do you wanna push it in again and see if it will get more ?
okay let's check .
okay go ahead .
you gotta push it because her face did not come out how bout now ?
oops now her head's comin off .
oops should we try and make it again ?
oh poor Wendy !
well I'll tell Ericka and then you can help with the story about when we went to the beach .
on friday we went to the beach and .
first what'd we collect ?
do you remember what'd we collect in the bucket ?
shells yes we collected shells .
who did you help collect shells too ?
with who ?
mhm the one girl was looking for shells that's right .
and did you help her ?
yes !
and then at the end did you wanna go home ?
no but why how come we hadta go home ?
we hadta meet daddy that's right .
oh I forgot another part what'd we do besides that we had a ?
when we were eating what'd we have on the beach ?
when we when .
pizza yes we did !
we had pizza .
oh is this my pizza now ?
thank you .
okay so you gotta put that all in the car .
put some on one side put some on the other side for the other people huh ?
so what do they got in their car now ?
pizza okay .
a_lot of pizza coming to them are they gonna get full or are they just super hungry ?
hm .
maybe I'll make them something to drink cause they might get thirsty too .
well look at that what did I make ?
drinks that is not drinks maybe it could be like a drink though .
here .
you wanna do the drinks okay ?
here comes his drink .
oh it's her drink she's on that side ?
and then who's is the guy driving ?
do they have a little baby that needs pizza too ?
oh is he right there ?
oh he's sitting right there ?
is he too small for pizza or can he eat pizza ?
there baby take your pizza .
now they're gonna drive away .
hey you know what I was thinkin ?
I was thinking that those sheeps might make pretty good cutters for the play dough .
here's some now okay so we got some .
cool does that make a pretty good square cause sometimes the pizzas are square .
where is that other pizza ?
here you go you think that's gonna fit in there ?
oh my they have so much pizza that it's hanging out the window now .
hanging out the window .
they do make good cutters though check it out ?
oh you can not get it out you want some help getting all that pizza out ?
oh no you can close the door ?
now we got a car full of pizza !
oh you know another thing Ericka does not know that we've been doing is she does not know that we went to the science museum .
what did you see at the science museum Matty ?
mummies now were you scared of looking at those mummies ?
how come you were not scared ?
because you were three yes .
more pizza coming oh my gosh .
it's gotta go through the door huh ?
that baby is hungry I bet right ?
so he says I would like some more pizza please .
do they eat anything else except for pizza in this family ?
what else would they eat ?
they eat hot dogs anything else ?
what else ?
hot dogs and pizza .
anything else ?
how_about do they eat mushrooms ?
oh my gosh that car is full of pizza are there any hot dogs in there too ?
now how are you gonna see through the front window with all of the pizza there ?
oh they can just look through their eyes well that is a good idea .
hey I wonder here's Wendy is her face back now ?
should we check and see if she got a face yet ?
no face oh no she does a tiny bit do you see ?
she says I heard there was some pizza in your car I love pizza can I have some pizza too ?
no .
you're making more too ?
now they've got a_lot a_lot of pizza .
maybe they wanna put pizza here so_that when they eat all of that they have the rest up here what do you think about that ?
can they have some pizza on the back too ?
now you got a whole car full of pizza I can't believe that that would fit in there .
how'd you fit that in there ?
just mush it .
you mushed the door in yes you did .
you mushed it didn't you to get it to close ?
good bye .
oh this is the house where the car lives in ?
what happened to him ?
oh no how can we help get him out ?
we did it we saved him .
now he's not all stuck .
do you wanna do these actually those don't fit in there those go in here .
yep but you gotta find the right one .
fit in there yep good job .
now is that your spiky frog or is that a tortoise ?
is that gonna be like the tortoise you're gonna get ?
he's shaking he's a little scared .
need something to pull him out .
with a string you think that would be a good idea huh ?
will this work ?
any other ideas ?
a string how_about this will this be able to pull him out ?
you've got quite a bit of space there you might be able to hook him up .
we need like a claw thing right ?
you want me to get a claw thing so we can grab him out we don't have a claw thing .
we only have pretend claw things like you could pretend you were a claw thing .
a towel ?
not a wet towel but a dry one ?
well if I leave you've gotta come with me let's go .
how_about this one is this a good one ?
go ahead now you gotta show me how you're gonna do this grabbing thing .
you just hafta put your hand here .
and then you grab him out okay .
oh you did it you saved him .
you wanna try it again like pretend he keeps falling in and we say you gotta be super careful tortoise .
how do you think he'd feel if he was in there ?
yeah you can grab him out .
is that his mommy inside there ?
he's not sad anymore .
he can come out ?
well where did he go ?
you want me to wrap your hand up so you can get him out ?
hm what happened ?
well where is he ?
oh he's right here poor guy does he wanna be in there ?
he does maybe he does not want you to grab him out .
is that his mommy in there ?
oh he's looking for his momma .
so where is his momma ?
oh that's his momma .
oh that's just her shadow .
that's another thing we did at the science museum remember how did we make the shadows ?
with the flashlight that's right .
it's called shadow that's right .
we should of shadowed the kids you're right .
maybe the flashlights were not strong enough .
what was the first science class ?
light magic .
and then we had flashlights too .
she does not know another thing that you've been doing with daddy ?
what have you been doing ?
fishing now where did you go fishing with daddy ?
in the play yard ?
maybe I think we went at the ?
you got this ?
alright .
and sometimes they were not able to go fishing for very long because why ?
it started to rain yes .
another time they did go fishing did you catch any fish though ?
how bout the worm what happened with the worm ?
daddy cut him off ?
daddy put him into the water .
oh we went and got your picture done too since we've seen Ericka what'd you hafta do to get your picture done ?
now we're all done doing that ?
you can sit on it like that too .
huh stand on it like that ?
oh that's a little chair thing .
this is where you can climb up is that like a little stair up to the bed ?
here we go to sleep .
here we go .
sure .
how long we gotta sleep for Matty ?
just for a little bit .
what do we do before we go to sleep at night ?
oh I wondered if we sang any songs .
that was a quick nap I did not even fall asleep .
okay I'll take mine now .
oh it's time to wake up ?
it's time to get this off no but I still gotta wear it for a few more minutes .
do you wanna see the present from Dr Weist ?
okay let's go get it .
whoa what happened .
do you remember what I said that it is called ?
it's in here it's in here .
what is it ?
it is a certificate what does it say your name ?
do you see your name on it ?
should we put it up on the wall ?
what do we need in_order_to put it up on the wall ?
a staple .
how_about tape .
you wanna help me get the tape ?
