what have we been doing ? 

it is starting honey .
what did we do yesterday with Kaya ?
went to the museum .
what did we see at the museum ?
a big big ant hill .
now what were you sposta do with that ant hill ?
did you just look at it ?
you went inside .
and what was inside the ant hill ?
remember we saw that little egg though ?
and what was inside that egg ?
a bug .
you got hurt by that bug ?
is that how you got these scratches ?
oh actually remember we got these scratches somewhere else .
we got them at your Uncle Gordy's house .
what did they have at Uncle Gordy's house that you liked ?
&-um hm the little cats .
and what happened with the little cats when we were there ?
one of the cats got hurt .
how'd it get hurt ?
the hound dog was mean ?
what did he do ?
he was trying to hurt the cat .
and then what did Uncle Gordy do with the dog ?
he yell at him that's right .
did I hear him yell at him ?
yeah I heard him yell at him .
did you hear him yell at him ?
were you scared when you heard him yelling ?
and then what else did you get to do that you never gotta do before ?
what did you ride on ?
a tractor .
with me ?
did I wanna go on it ?
but I could not .
it was just you on the tractor but was it fun anyway ?
what else have we been doing ?
let's see what_about when we were in North Dakota ?
tell me what you were doing ?
swimming .
that was swimming that we did yep .
it is started honey .
afterwards when were done we'll listen to it okay .
this is the same kind of thing that we do when .
what's the name of that girl ?
who comes over and we make the tape ?
what's the name of that lady ?
Erika ?
that's who it useta be right ?
did Erin come and babysit for you this summer ?
where did Erin take you ?
nowhere ?
I know at least two places that Erin would sometimes take you .
to the park .
and Nana's .
and also maybe the ?
how_about where you useta bring a_lot_of books home from ?
the library .
how_about when we are all done you can hear it .
what do you wanna play with ?
do you wanna play with the game with the bugs ?
we can't play with the one with the big arm cause why ?
why do you think we should not play with that one ?
cause it's too loud you're right .
so how_about a different one .
what's this ?
a football player ?
he's a football ?
I thought he was a football player .
did you know that this was something that could make music ?
I think they gave that to Jason when he was small because Jason useta play football .
did you know that that your daddy useta play football ?
he's a football ?
what's wrong with this guy ?
you took off his hand ?
his face that's what I was noticing was missing .
can you take those off sure .
can I take them off though ?
let's see are they hard to get on ?
I don't know if they do come off actually .
do you think this is Mr Potato head or Mrs Potato head ?
what are these on his ears ?
so is that for Mr Potato head or Mrs Potato head ?
that is interesting cause look he has a mustache too .
so how come he has earrings and a mustache ?
I think that is silly .
what is this thing in here ?
just a car what is unusual about this car though ?
a bunny drives this car yes .
do we know any bunnies that could drive the car ?
we can drive the car ?
we all can drive the car does that mean you too ?
you can drive the car ?
I never saw you drive it !
later today ?
do you remember what we we're sposta go do later today ?
did you hear where we're going later this afternoon ?
I'll give you a little hint .
go swimming .
why not right now ?
so daddy wants to go swimming and where is he ?
he's with Cody what ?
he's with Cody swimming right now ?
well it kinda hasta do with water where he's at but he's not swimming .
you silly one .
oh my do you think they'll still wanna go swimming with us later if they already went today ?
maybe they'll say I'm too tired of swimming .
who me I have not gone swimming in a long time .
remember you and daddy went in the hotel a bunch of times .
but how many times did I go swimming with you guys ?
just one yes .
I think I was doing work or maybe the water was cold .
what are you eating ?
a pay ?
a cash register ?
did you think of that when you said pay ?
remember at the museum yesterday they had a part where you could choose the groceries and pay for them .
that was the one ?
but who's gonna get to play with that cash register now ?
nobody cause you ate it .
what was your favorite part of the museum ?
going on that big long what ?
going on the big long bus ?
going on the big long bus .
you wanna what ?
you wanna twist my hair ?
what if I was hurting and I started screaming .
you're doing it gentle ?
you're putting in my head band ?
now you scrubbed my head band up so is my hair super messy ?
yes it is my hair is super messy !
you wanna turn him ?
do you remember so after we leave grandma and grandpa Zevenbergen's what are we gonna do next ?
well later in a couple of days .
where are we gonna go next ?
I'll give you a hint .
it was my mommy and daddy .
so what do you call my mommy and daddy ?
grandpa Dan and ?
you don't wanna go see grandpa Dan ?
why ?
well we're not going to go today we're going to go in a couple of days .
remember they made you your own little bed ?
and we're gonna go to the park by their house .
by grandma Sharon and grandpa Dan's .
we'll probably go shopping .
we hafta make the whole tape and then we can listen to it okay ?
we gotta make a little more .
do you wanna tell Dr Weist what you got at the museum yesterday ?
well what is it ?
no you can just tell him .
what is this ?
a Snoopy what ?
a Snoopy dog house .
you got a Snoopy dog house .
I'm trying to think of where the part is on the tape recorder where you talk into .
oh hear it is this is the special part where the sound goes in so you can tell him in there .
yep right there .
you gonna tell him what you got ?
a Snoopy dog house .
now can Snoopy really live in there ?
why is it not talking yet ?
because we are still doing it .
happy birthday see it sounds like happy birthday on that thing .
do you remember your birthday party ?
how old did you turn on your birthday ?
oh you wanna be five what happens when you are five then what ?
you don't hafta what ?
you don't hafta try to sleep .
what does that mean you still hafta sleep when you're five ?
well everybody sleeps but what do you not hafta do all the time ?
take a ?
bath ?
you still hafta take a bath when you're five .
what is the thing that I always say ?
until you're five you still gotta take a what during the day ?
a nap right ?
when you're five then you do not hafta take a nap everyday right ?
just some days if you get tired .
oh don't push stop please .
we're still workin on this .
could this be maybe a boat for bugs ?
could that be a boat for bugs ?
no ?
people ?
this is for people ?
cut him off ?
you don't want him to be a key chain anymore ?
no okay .
now what does this Snoopy do ?
what'd you gotta do with this Snoopy to make him work ?
wind him up .
oh my poor Snoopy .
did you see that ?
what happened to Snoopy ?
start here okay .
and then what's gonna happen to Snoopy ?
so what happened to Snoopy ?
he fell .
to Dr Weist sure .
you can talk to him .
he can not talk to you honey did you say when is he gonna talk ?
no no we're gonna make a tape and then he'll listen to it later .
and he'll say oh what did they talk about ?
can we tell about calling Kaylia this morning on the phone the very first time you called somebody ?
yeah .
what'd you ask Kaylia ?
is that what she told you ?
what did you ask her ?
didn't you ask her if she was gonna come over ?
yeah yeah yeah .
I know this is the first time you ever called anybody I know .
that is very cool .
we'll hafta tell daddy .
we'll say daddy this is what Matty did mommy dialed the numbers and then Matty called .
now who did you talk to first on the phone was it Kaylia or Heidi that came on the phone first ?
Heidi answered the phone ?
and then did she give the phone to Kaylia ?
no ?
oh is that them back now ?
could be .
do they got .
is that them right here ?
are they coming let's check .
no not yet .
you wanna wait and look out okay .
do you wanna sit out in the front and wait for her to come ?
okay we'll wait outside .
hey what is this here ?
what is this ?
on the bench .
oh what is that ?
Cody broke his motorcycle ?
yeah .
I don't know if that was Cody's .
I think that was actually Rochelle's .
it looks like Cody tried to fix it though .
I don't know about that .
do you think Cody can fix that ?
I don't think so either .
it's probably very broken otherwise grandpa would have already fixed it right ?
so where do you wanna sit ?
you wanna sit right here or do you wanna sit in the grass ?
what are these things over here ?
spider webs I don't wanna sit next_to those .
let's sit in the grass .
you wanna sit here ?
right here ?
you wanna sit on my lap okay .
so do you wanna talk about your rock collection while we're waiting ?
remember you had the rocks at grandpa's the other night when grandpa was building the house ?
did we make all the rocks in a nice line ?
remember that time ?
hey what's that coming down the street ?
a big dump truck .
that was a loud truck wasn't it ?
sure I hafta call grandma Sharon and tell her we're coming .
hello grandma yes we're coming to see you in a couple days .
do you wanna say hi to Matty ?
okay here .
do you wanna talk to grandma Sharon ?
no you don't fell like it ?
you want me to talk to her okay ?
okay mom yep we'll see you Friday okay love you .
you love Matty too okay I'll tell him love you bye .
she said she loves you .
oh my gosh what'd you do to that band aid ?
you're doing something silly yes you did .
you're gonna leave it right there for Kaylia ?
Kaylia will say what is that ?
she'll be very surprised .
did that rock get hurt ?
is that why it has a Harry Potter bandaid ?
you wanna use your own phone ?
where is cocoa ?
he's at the store .
now what's he buying at the store do you think ?
he's gotta get some pizza ?
and Kit_Kat ?
a big big heavy rock ?
what're you gonna do with that big big heavy rock ?
just nothing ?
just hide this rock ?
what is on your rock that you chose .
poop ?
no it's just little leaves .
you're going around the block .
okay wait for me .
you're going around the block wait for me !
oh what's this up here ?
a porch .
I think they are stuck together .
why yes they're sposta be two little girls and they are they are stuck together .
they made them out_of the same wood .
isn't that interesting .
let's go .
let's go around the block again ?
you wanna sit on my lap ?
okay you wanna sit on my lap and then we can still wait for Kaylia ?
well call her up and ask her where she is .
oh my gosh she might be able to hear you you know .
she's not that far away down the street she might actually hear you .
do it again .
what is this thing in your hair ?
ah a bug bugs .
you're still calling for Kaylia ?
now there is something we did in North Dakota that Dr Weist might find interesting .
remember we went to a place and they had somebody and they were drumming ?
did you like that part with the drums ?
no how come ?
oh I'll come with you .
yeah but I have the tape recorder so I needta follow you .
because .
otherwise if you were talking it would not be able to tape record because we would be too far away .
so how come you did not like those drums ?
cause they were too loud .
here come on come on I gotta follow you .
I gotta follow my little bunny .
what if my little bunny was running away and I did not know where he was going ?
I gotta stay with my little bunny .
is this our little bunny hut or do we live in a burrow ?
oh so we live in a burrow but the little bunny sleeps in his own bed in the burrow ?
you're gonna get a rock for mommy bunny ?
oh thank you now what is this rock for ?
I'm sposta catch it play catch with it maybe ?
so like this ?
oh you hafta be careful not to let it fall ?
what happens if it falls ?
I scream ?
ah .
oh I see so that's a good idea we could cooperate if it falls you can catch it .
okay you wanna sit right next_to me in_case it falls .
you got an idea what's the idea ?
we're spraying is that for the rocks ?
oh gosh I'm getting so wet .
hey I remember yesterday at the museum this was probably mommy's favorite part of the museum remember when you hadta turn the thing and bring the clouds over ?
and then when all the clouds were together what happened ?
there was a big thunder storm .
why do I well I think it was great .
so what did they have in the thunder storm that was cool ?
real thunder it sounded like real thunder didn't it ?
it was probably a tape recording of real thunder I bet .
I really like that part of the museum .
well you know I didn't really go in the ant hill very much cause remember the tunnels were very small I could not fit in there .
Kaylia wasn't she in there with you ?
yes they do ants live in the ant hill .
what if the opening was not big enough and I got stuck ?
what if I got stuck in one of the tunnels ?
that's true I might not know where you went .
let's see you have some food .
thank you is this ant food ?
bunny food oh yeah cause you were just an ant yesterday .
this is like when people lay out and they go to the beach we could pretend that we're at the beach .
do you like to lay out when the sun is above us is that fun ?
you're sleeping at the beach ?
