so remember we said that we were gonna have a party ? 

well what's important about today ?
why did we decide to get Ryan a present ?
it's your last day of school ?
the next day ?
tomorrow is his last day at school right Boo ?
and then &-um what_about Ryan ?
why why do we wanna give Ryan a present ?
why would we give Ryan a present ?
he's leaving .
yep I'm leaving too .
he's all done with school .
so should he open it ?
do you wanna have him see what it is ?
will you help me open it ?
I'm really excited .
I don't get presents too often .
now what is it ?
oh thank you very much .
your welcome .
did you pick this out Matty ?
thank you .
we thought you wanted to remember Fredonia .
do you wanna read it ?
you wanna say what it says Matty ?
yeah what does it say ?
you don't wanna read it okay .
I hope it fits .
I don't have a shirt like this either .
oh .
this is my first Fredonia shirt .
is it really ?
yes it is .
well that's a good thing he doesn't have any Fredonia shirts .
do you have any Fredonia shirts ?
do you remember if you have one or not ?
you actually do have one but it's too small .
you had it when you were a Twinklestar .
well should we meet this new person ?
she's really nice .
yeh she's somebody new .
you know what ?
since Ryan is moving she's gonna be the one that she's gonna come we're gonna meet her here instead .
she doesn't really know anything about what she hasta do .
what do we do in here usually ?
yeh .
play with what ?
yep play with toys and ?
what's she sposta do ?
do the tape thing .
yep you know what's going on .
what do you have there ?
chocolate bar thing ?
oh yeh chocolate oh it's a container .
I think it's sposta be chocolate and milk .
good you like chocolate milk .
I like chocolate milk too .
do you like it better than white milk ?
I do too .
and what would you like to do today ?
what do I wanna do ?
&-um .
you wanna play with this ?
okay cool I don't think last time that we had these .
these are cool .
you know what we totally gotta remember to give Ryan something else too .
the car yep .
should we get it ?
I was wondering about that .
yep .
did you have fun playing with it ?
you didn't ?
show me how it goes again .
this is a pretty neat car .
I like this car .
yeh but we had it too long .
we kept forgetting to bring it .
that's okay .
so should we buy stuff ?
you're gonna do this thing okay .
well I would like to buy him .
okay how much does it cost ?
I gave you my money that's right .
&-uh oh it's stuck ?
open open open .
what should we do ?
I don't think you're really sposta push the money like that .
you just lay it down though instead of flat and then you can put the coins in that way .
oh I get this money back ?
and this ?
cool .
you know we just started watching a movie again .
what movie did we just rent that we've seen a couple of times ?
Dinosaur yep .
what is that for ?
oh I think it's to make announcements .
like you know how sometimes you don't know how much something costs we would say &-um how much does the chocolate milk cost and then it would be all around the store and then the person who was by the chocolate milk would be able to go and see how much it costs .
what're you gonna say ?
nothing ?
I'd like to buy this person too .
I have something I needta buy too .
so we've been watching Dinosaur and Dinosaur's a very interesting movie .
where where are they trying to go in that movie ?
do you remember ?
are they just wandering around or where are they headed ?
you don't remember the name of it ?
I think they're trying to go to the great watering .
the nesting grounds that's right the nesting grounds .
how does Aladar get to the nesting grounds ?
do you remember in the first part how do they get through there ?
so you think that's where Aladar turned around too .
but then they made it right ?
&-uh oh what happened to him when he fell off the edge ?
oh no .
yeh that was too bad .
but then what happens at the end Aladar and Mira what happens with Aladar and Mira they have a what ?
well what comes out_of the egg at the end ?
a little Aladar yeh .
that's a good movie .
&-um hm .
well you weren't able to watch movies for like almost a whole week remember that ?
do you remember how come you couldn't watch them ?
yeah so he couldn't watch them for a while so it was exciting that he gotta watch them again .
that's good .
so , how was your day today ?
we were just talking about that .
how was it sitting you know with your friends ?
oh well that's good .
you didn't do anything bad to the kids that's good news .
did you do anything bad to the snake ?
you don't let him out .
you got a snake in there ?
that is news he doesn't know anything about the snake .
ah huh .
I think he would too .
so how do you feed him then ?
what do you hafta do ?
ah huh .
I don't know how .
do you ?
that's good .
does he hafta drink water or anything ?
we don't know about snakes if they need water or not .
so how do you you hafta feed him bugs then ?
how do you get the bugs ?
oh okay .
that sounds pretty neat .
hey you know did you go for a walk yesterday in a wagon maybe ?
I think I saw you going for a walk .
where were you going ?
to the downtown park ?
I think so yep and you were sitting in a wagon .
yep .
so what'd you do at the downtown park ?
play ?
well that sounds pretty fun .
you guys went somewhere else too cause when I got home there was a little pile of fish .
you went to the candy store ?
what'd you get ?
candy .
I like candy .
you were telling me something that you got though .
oh really ?
that's surprising cause we don't usually litter but it sounds like you couldn't really eat it .
so tomorrow is kind of an interesting day cause it's Matty's last day of school .
so what are we gonna go do tonight we hafta go get some things .
for the teachers and Cheryl .
and anybody else should we get presents for or do you think that's enough ?
yeah .
you know what Matty ?
I didn't tell you this this morning but when I was leaving I saw Marissa's mommy and I asked her for their phone number so_that I can call her and then we can make plans and then you and Marissa can play together .
what do you think we should do with Marissa ?
you don't know ?
well would you like her to come over to our house ?
yeah ?
what do you think she would think was interesting at our house ?
you don't know huh ?
I know one thing I bet she would think is interesting .
your tortoise that's pretty neat .
you do ?
well doesn't he run away ?
no ?
well what does he do ?
oh okay .
does he like to go back there ?
does he ?
that's pretty funny .
does he ?
there's another place he likes to go too though .
oh on the heating pad ?
so sometimes he goes behind that one yep .
oh my gosh is that a brush ?
that is super funny .
did you tell Ryan what we're planning to do for your birthday ?
he might be thinking you were gonna be four and he might be wondering if you're gonna have a birthday party .
wow .
they will ?
so are they not they're not in cages then ?
you just drive around ?
yep .
boy that sounds pretty neat .
yeah I don't know .
I think they might put like a big fence so they can't come walk in the road but monkeys can go everywhere .
and do you remember what else we might have and remember I was saying also might come and lick the top of our car if we took the green car ?
giraffes .
they might think that our green car is a tree .
they might .
that is funny .
okay let's take the red car then .
so how come you decided you didn't wanna have a birthday party ?
too many kids ?
yeah .
so who's gonna go to this lion country safari place ?
yeah .
anyone else ?
daddy that's true .
I don't think anyone else .
should we bring the cats ?
what do you think they would think about that place ?
oh , I don't really know .
I don't know .
is it missing ?
maybe it's under here I'll hafta see if I can find it .
do you know who this one is ?
I think it's sposta be George .
I don't know why they picked George but I think it's sposta be George .
is this what you're looking for ?
cool .
what does he do with his golden snitch ?
I have not seen that movie .
you never saw Harry Potter ?
nope it's my summer project .
wow so you've seen them all .
are there any scary parts that I should know about ?
does it get him ?
oh that's good .
that is very good news .
was it a big snake ?
you know we were talking about that word the other day I don't remember .
oh a is it a something like that .
I don't know too much about snakes .
do you ?
not at our own house .
at school ?
but that one is not huge like in Harry Potter .
how big is the one at your school ?
you wanna go over there ?
that's fine you can go over there .
you know what there's another scary part in the second Harry Potter .
do you remember what Ron says ?
can you panic now ?
what was Ron scared of in the movie ?
oh .
giant spiders yep .
how do we do this again Boo ?
you wanna try to set them up in there ?
alright .
you know I had a hard time trying to set them up cause they kept falling down all the time .
I wonder oops sorry I was thinking if it was on the same level it might work .
here we go .
what is this for ?
pinball ?
it kind of seems like it might be pinball cause there's a ball .
it's actually called bowling .
do you remember when your teacher brought this at school ?
didn't she bring a little bowling set ?
I think that happened when you were like a Twinklestar and they brought in bowling .
there you go .
you're setting them up good .
almost done .
you know what I don't think Ryan knows what you're gonna do this summer .
I'll give him I'll give him a hint , okay .
it has a ball and you gotta kick the ball so .
you're gonna play soccer ?
that sounds like a_lot_of fun .
I useta play soccer when I was little too .
it's very fun .
what do you gotta do in soccer ?
do you know Matty what you're sposta do in soccer ?
yeah .
you got it .
whoa you almost got it .
oh that's another way to do it .
that works you hit it with another pin .
do you wanna do it again ?
what happens after you get them all down ?
there's that one .
do you remember what they call it when you get them all down ?
oh yeah we still gotta open our boxes .
soccer sounds like it's gonna be pretty fun .
and ah , do you remember who might be on your team who's gonna be on your team ?
yep Erica .
now Ryan probably doesn't know how you know Erica .
how do we know Erica ?
oh , you go to the .
okay .
she's a very nice little girl .
well that would be pretty neat .
what is that ?
it's sposta have a tiny tiny eraser on it .
what is this in here ?
remember we kept finding like lots and lots_of frigerators and pies ?
that was kind of funny .
I don't think so I think you're right but we have a little sink .
oh , I like that one .
oh look , I think I found something .
these are the ones that kind of remind me of big doughnuts .
I'm not sure what they're sposta be .
you think so huh ?
okay Matty clean your room .
who would that be sposta be .
does he tell you to clean your room ?
I gotta clean my room too .
what would he say ?
oh no did that break ?
oh these are kind of I think they're kind of fragile .
it looks like it had tape on there I don't really know how this works .
I think this is sposta be grandma and grandpa .
these clothes are very old though .
look at all those old clothes .
this is kind of funny .
what do you got on your wrist there ?
what is that ?
oh it is ?
that's pretty neat .
so what kinds of things have you and daddy been doing outside since we've seen Ryan like around the house building things ?
you've been building stuff ?
well we have something in our backyard now that you lay in .
remember that Matty ?
what did you and daddy put together put up that you can lay in ?
no it's a hammock we put up .
what are you sposta do in a hammock anyway ?
lay in it yeah .
and you can read .
and you can hide all kinds of ideas yeah .
and then I'm trying to think of what else you guys have outside now .
we have the hammock .
daddy's been trying to .
you wanna play with the farm now ?
whoa , we got lots and lots_of stuff everywhere .
hey come on out .
what are they doing in there ?
how come they don't wanna come outside ?
okay .
oh , it's raining .
you put the farmer in there ?
I think he's yelling I think he wants to come out .
oh_my_goodness everybody's going in there .
no no no get off of me please .
wouldn't the cows say that Matty ?
is anybody on top of the cow .
okay .
there you go .
is there anybody upstairs ?
who's upstairs ?
who ?
oh the people .
what dog ?
oh yeah , he's up there too , I didn't notice him .
ruff ruff ruff he says he hasta go outside .
dog's gotta go out dog's gotta go out though .
ruff ruff ruff ruff .
now you know I was just reminded of how our cats sometimes bother us in the middle of the night .
what do our cats sometimes do ?
in both sides of their bowl .
do you think that's helping ?
yep .
why were they meowing in the middle of the night ?
right they seemed to be a little more hungry right they would wake up in the middle of the night and get hungry right ?
yeah and then I say Matty and I go in there and wake you up right go feed the cats .
no you don't hafta do it in the middle of the night but you have been feeding them right ?
that would be nice .
that would be very helpful .
someone sleeps really hard though I don't know if that would work .
no you sleep very hard .
remember sometimes I come in and wake you up in the morning and I'm like Matty wake up wake up and you're still sleeping .
but you gotta wake up sometimes for school .
only how many more days of that though ?
one .
one .
just one more day .
oh wait , wait , wait , very dangerous .
I know somebody who went into one of those chest things .
you did ?
yes .
we were playing hide and go seek and you were in there like Momma help help .
there was still air but I was still very scared remember ?
there was some air in there yeah .
like ours had air too but I was still scared .
what did we make a rule up after that ?
yeah you can't go in there anymore .
oh_my_goodness there's a baby up on your face .
we don't really have ours ours is just a chest this one is actually like a little seat .
yeah but we don't have that kind of thing do we ?
hey did you ever find your moss thing at school ?
remember moss you guys made that thing with the green moss on the plates ?
oh well that's good .
that's good .
that was nice they let you make a new one .
I wonder if our other one is at home .
is that possible that it's at home ?
that other one .
yeah , we'll have two now .
what are those sposta be for ?
they look very interesting .
are they hats ?
you silly one .
do you &-um maybe we could start cleaning up some stuff .
yeah I was just gonna say it's starting to get time .
yeah .
you wanna help me pick these things up real quick ?
we can put them all back in this box I think .
okay I'll clean up these ones and you can clean up those ones .
okay well I'll help .
where should we put these ?
here let me get you a bag .
what's this for ?
oh to play Quidditch .
are you gonna put these other guys in ?
what does that mean ?
well maybe we'll hafta think of one more story to tell Ryan before we go .
do you remember something that you like doing with Ryan something that was kind of fun in here that we did with Ryan so_that when we meet with her she will remember ?
what would you say would be good for us to remember and for what we would like to do in here ?
okay so play with the farm .
do you like to play store too .
yeah .
I'm trying to think well mostly you kind of liked opening those boxes sometimes but now we opened them all , right ?
we might be able to get some new ones though maybe .
oh I don't know there's lots_of stuff here .
well when somebody's gonna leave college what we would say is we'd say congratulations you finished your college .
can you say that ?
that's a big word congratulations .
it is a big word .
is that hard to say when you have your mouth full of popcorn ?
congratulations can you say that ?
no , you're sleeping .
oh sorry Ryan he can't say it he's sleeping .
I know and we can't wake him up .
I saw your eye move very close .
I saw it .
who am I ?
I don't know .
remember the other day we were playing ?
we were actually playing kind of a scary game .
little pitvipers .
yeah that is yummy .
here you go .
hey you know what there's a new movie coming out .
remember what movie is coming out that we're gonna go see ?
I'll give you a hint .
finding Nemo .
do you know what happens in that movie ?
Nemo goes in the fish tank ?
and then what ?
oh yeah .
I wonder why he went in the fish tank .
that seems pretty silly .
did somebody catch him from the ocean and put him in the fish tank ?
you'll hafta watch the movie , huh ?
I think you're right I think he goes into the fish tank I think that's the story and then they try to find him .
I think it would be hard to find him but I bet they do .
oh that's rude we don't eat like that .
what kind of animal would do that ?
you don't know ?
okay , let's see .
what would I be ?
that would be like one of our cats .
remember how they eat out_of the bowl ?
did you eat snack at school ?
yeah ?
you were eating a_lot_of popcorn .
okay well I think it's pretty much gone .
Matty we're not leaving just yet cause we're gonna go wash your hands and stuff .
we hafta say goodbye to Ryan too .
goodbye Matty .
okay we'll wipe you off okay .
Matthew please wait okay honey .
what little thing ?
oh , you know what ?
I have a little present for you .
here , I got that today I thought you might like it .
isn't that cute ?
it's reminding you of the sun I know .
