so Matty do you wanna talk about all the different things you got today ? 

wow !
forty two things and they included these and what else ?
slinkies ?
what are slinkies sposta do do you know ?
yup what color are the slinkies ?
I see so some of them are a mix of colors and some of them are the one plain color .
wow that's really cool .
so I missed this because I was working what else did you and Daddy do today besides go to Mikes ?
take out some of what ?
the things that you get at Mike's house .
it's a scorpion can we trade ?
it does look like a scorpion .
did you wanna talk about reminding me of scary things did you wanna talk about that movie you saw this weekend ?
yeah what happens in that movie ?
dinosaurs and people .
it's Jurassic Park three .
remember what are they trying to do in that movie ?
they wanna find their son yup .
what happens do you remember there's a kind of weird part in the movie .
something grabs their son .
what happens with that ?
way up in the sky a pterodactyl .
sure .
so what happened with the pterodactyl why'd he grab the boy ?
and then what happens ?
what happens to the boy when the pterodactyl has him ?
the other man saves him yeah .
that was a good movie .
what would you like to do today ?
you can do it when it's connected to your thumb ?
what did it useta stick onto ?
you and Daddy said it useta stick onto something earlier today ?
metal .
why don't you try the cabinet ?
the file cabinet .
it sticks on your window ?
sticks on boxes .
it's not sticking on too much right now is it ?
maybe you can go over to that box .
it does stick a little bit .
it doesn't stick forever though huh ?
hey you know what ?
I don't think anyone knows about your really great soccer game this week .
what almost happened when you were playing soccer ?
straight heading for the goal like this and then what happened ?
so he almost got two goals on Monday .
wow maybe next time .
so yeah soccer went really good this week .
we made a video right ?
of your soccer game .
what are we gonna do with the videos ?
so what are we gonna go do tomorrow ?
go to where ?
it's okay if you don't remember the name of the state what's there that we're going to see ?
probably see fish swimming in the water yup .
what's that big body of water called that we are going to ?
no what's it called the water ?
is it a little creek or a lake ?
what's it called ?
the &~o
the ocean yup .
so what do you think we're gonna do while we are at the ocean ?
are you talking to her or me ?
I bet she might like a slinky too .
yeah that's okay .
we can get it later right ?
I can take a look at it later .
do you think I could have one of those slinkies for my office ?
do I get to chose one or do you chose one for me ?
it is ?
okay cause they're your slinkies right ?
I don't mind .
I just like having one so it doesn't matter what color it is really .
now are you going to give all of them away to all of your friends ?
or are you going to keep most of them ?
did you give one to Daddy yet ?
okay .
how bout James ?
we're gonna actually go to James' house tonight .
you know what he's going to do while we're gone ?
take care of the tortoise .
no the cats Ingrid and Richie are taking care of .
Irene and Gordon and James are gonna take care of the tortoise .
what would you tell James about how to take care of the tortoise ?
what do you gotta do ?
what does he eat ?
lettuce and ?
so what do you gotta do with him ?
what do you gotta do with the lettuce and tomato ?
you turn the lettuce and tomato into little parts and then what ?
well what do you think what mistakes could they make that we should tell them to be careful about ?
what could they do the wrong thing about ?
so how do you think we should try and make it so_that they do a good job ?
tell them ?
do you think we should also write it down maybe ?
cause they might wonder how much tomato to give him or how much lettuce to give him .
how much he might wanna eat ?
he usually has maybe this much this much tomato ?
maybe this much lettuce .
his bowl is actually like this isn't it ?
so put in like a good amount of lettuce and then some tomato on the side or something ?
what if James asks if the tortoise can go down the stairs ?
no ?
we'll hafta warn him .
don't put him on the stairs .
what would happen to the tortoise ?
that would be sad wouldn't it ?
does the tortoise have a name ?
what's its name ?
Sesame wow .
how big is he ?
his shell is about this big and all together he might be this big .
he's pretty cool .
is he slow or what would you say about how fast he goes ?
yeh he might be a little faster actually .
he goes pretty fast sometimes .
I'm trying to think what you've been doing Boo since we were here last time ?
you're hungry ?
here eat this .
what did you and Daddy have for lunch today ?
Mike's house ?
you ate Mike's house ?
oh at his house !
what did you eat ?
ice cream ?
oh okay .
what was the actual food ?
crackers and carrots .
and some ice cream .
that's not too bad .
what did Daddy and Mike eat ?
did you want any beans ?
I don't know how I feel about eating beans .
oh you did ?
you said you were hungry .
oh no don't put that in your mouth !
that's gross .
that was my bad idea .
because I suggested you pretend to eat and then you really did eat it .
it's all_gone now .
this also has that sticky kind of stuff .
I bet if we unhooked it we could stick it on something .
do you wanna do play dough ?
do you wanna mold something with the play dough ?
is it good or is it hard ?
what are you gonna cut ?
the play dough ?
okay you like to cut huh ?
I'm trying to think of what else we've been doing since we came here .
well you've been helping Daddy with something at home .
what's that ?
mhm .
doing a good job .
what's Daddy working on at home ?
well I know one thing you did that you got stickers for this week .
doing potty well what do you hafta do when you do potty ?
cause you've been able to do potty for a long time .
what do you hafta do after that ?
I thought it was getting stickers for pulling up your pants !
what did you get when you got so many stickers this week ?
well what are you going to do with that toy ?
you can trace em ?
and then you got little sheets right ?
and then you'll have little pictures of them ?
is there anything else you can do with the Spike thing ?
look at it .
aren't there some mazes or something in there too ?
this is sort of interesting .
what do you think you could put on this ?
pizza or maybe pie .
you just got a new one again today huh ?
wow so is one like the Mommy cactus and one's like the baby cactus ?
oh I see so if it had this much more on it it would be the same size as the other thing .
oh that's a pretty small cactus .
is it prickly like the one that is in your room already ?
yeh is it prickly like the other one is ?
more prickly !
more prickly .
you don't say pricklier you say more prickly .
so how'd you get a cactus at Home Depot anyway ?
no why did Daddy let you get a cactus ?
oh I'm surprised they all fit in the car .
what's this ?
this is kind of weird look at this bottom thing .
what's this look like ?
I'm not sure what these are sposta do .
great idea Matty .
it's really hard ?
you like this play dough .
or you think they should get new play dough ?
you know another thing I was thinking about we watched Jurassic Park but we also watched another movie that you have right now .
do you remember the name of the movie we still have it at home right now ?
starts with a b .
can I say it and you can say what happens in the movie ?
it's Bambi .
Bambi ?
so what happens in Bambi Boo ?
what is Bambi anyway ?
mhm so what happens in Bambi ?
you want me to say ?
well Bambi was a little frog that was born in the woods .
tell me about Bambi .
Bambi was a
that was born in the woods .
and then I never really watched the movie but Bambi grows up right ?
and then something bad happens to the forest right ?
what happens to the forest ?
it's blowed up by fire mhm .
you needta watch it again to remember .
pea the feather ?
pea the pin feather ?
I don't know what that means do you ?
it's in the song ?
oh so there's some song and he says that's the pea the pin feather song ?
oh I see you put your ear on the back part of it so you can hear what he says .
so you know for sure that's what he says pea on the pin feather ?
do you wanna play in the doll house for a while ?
what do you wanna do ?
you wanna play the pet store game ?
okay .
so that's all huh ?
I do I would really love a pet .
I really don't have one .
I think it would keep me company at home .
may I chose my own pet ?
I want this for a pet .
is he for sale ?
here's my money .
you gonna use the cash register ?
alright thank you .
oh I have a question .
my question is what he eats what does he eat ?
leaves and grass .
I should be in pretty good shape .
oh wow that's good news .
I would feel bad if I got a pet and it got eaten by a meat eater .
okay I'm gonna take him home .
okay let's pretend I brought him back .
I'm sorry I can't keep him .
do you want me to tell you what he did last night ?
he flew all around my house .
oh yeah he really flew though he used these and pushed himself up and was flying .
he never flied at the pet store ?
do you think I was dreaming maybe ?
alright should I try him again .
should I take him home and see ?
okay let's say I come back the next day .
excuse me you know I think you were right .
I think I just had a dream about him flying .
I hafta tell you though he ate my cat .
he ate my cat .
my cat's missing .
where did my cat go you think ?
you think that could have been my cat ?
the one that is missing that I think he ate ?
there's a cat in the dollhouse .
okay so let's pretend that's my cat .
oh my cat he's really here !
I'm sorry I thought you had eaten my cat .
okay we'll bring my cat home thank you .
okay let's say I came back the next day .
you know I really can't keep him I'm so sorry .
all he does is roar like this .
all night long .
no way he could be that loud huh ?
but how do you know he's not so loud ?
alright I'll give it another try .
okay let's say I came in and I liked my pet so I want a new one .
excuse me do you have any more spine tails just like this one ?
not to you you don't know if you have anymore ?
if we bring out the other dinos remember the other ones ?
how do you know that pterodactyl is a plant eater ?
oh that would be great .
I get to take those home too right ?
I think I'll chose let's see now .
