okay can I see it ? 

I can help you with that .
so she remembered you like Spider Man huh ?
she'd probably would think there was something funny about Spider Man and what you and Daddy set up in the living room last night .
what did you set up ?
a tent !
the tent .
they set up a tent in the living room and they were sleeping in the tent !
a big tent .
how come your Daddy decided to set up the tent anyway ?
Daddy thought it was pretty cool yeah .
so what do you wanna do Boo ?
what's that look like to you ?
dinosaur yeah .
do you wanna talk about your trip ?
she does not know what you went in .
what did you go in ?
to get to Grandma and Grandpa's house ?
oh you told her ?
yeah we talked about it .
well I didn't get to hear about it .
what did you do ?
you went in a big big plane about as huge as this building ?
wow that is a big plane .
so what did you do when you were on the plane anyway ?
I don't think I know that .
did you just sit there quietly or what did you do on the plane ?
you just sat there quietly .
were you nervous at all going on the plane ?
that's good .
what else did you do at Grandma and Grandpa's ?
they were both swimming places .
so you went to a water park and a swimming pool .
wow how big were the slides at the swimming place ?
or the water park ?
they were about as big as what ?
as big as this room ?
if I went on it my foot would touch the bottom of the water slide ?
that doesn't sound very big .
I see the ones Cody went on were bigger than the ones you went on .
it was as big as this building ?
how come you didn't go on that one ?
okay .
I see you couldn't walk in the big people's water cause it was too deep .
so where Cody got off the water slide it was too deep for you .
let's see .
so that's cool you know what they call that ?
it's called a kickstand .
I don't know why .
now the kickstand's up .
now the kickstand's going to be down .
well how bout did you tell her about going to Ponderosa ?
what kind of animals do they have at the park where you went with Grandma and Grandpa ?
baby bunnies they were so tiny .
what did you do with those bunnies ?
did you get to actually hold them ?
yeh .
were they really soft ?
you even petted them .
Daddy said you were even kissing them .
is that right ?
you were kissing the little bunnies .
what else did they have at that place ?
chickens don't peck your finger !
maybe they were roosters .
they didn't have the things that hang down like chickens do .
they could have been roosters instead .
so they had chickens there and horses .
what_about goats did they have goats ?
you're sure they had goats .
it would even eat dog bones ?
no I didn't know .
I wondered if they had goats cause they are the ones that totally want all the food you have in your hand .
and jump all on top of you almost right ?
did they have that did you guys do that ?
so then maybe they were sheep because sheep don't do that .
and sheep do have horns too .
that's pretty big .
and their legs were that tall so .
it sounds like maybe they were pretty big then .
I'm trying to think what else you did that might have been interesting since we were last here .
how bout what did we do yesterday ?
remember you and I were somewhere kind of funny ?
do you remember where we went ?
we went to the mushroom park .
what were we gonna do at the mushroom park ?
we were going to do what ?
the camera broke didn't it ?
it's so silly .
when had we gotten that camera ?
the same day we were using it we got it .
but there was something really strange about that camera anyway .
do you remember what was weird about that camera ?
what did it come with ?
a helmet yeah .
it came with a bike helmet .
so it was a free camera that came with a bike helmet .
and it was not good .
what did you take pictures of at home before it broke ?
really you got a new magazine or you got a new camera ?
okay tell me .
so it's almost like a leaf blower but it sucks up wood ?
something about your motorcycle I think .
weren't you gonna say thank you for it ?
you're welcome .
we were wondering something about why she had given it to you right ?
weren't you wondering if it was for your birthday or just for cause you were a nice boy ?
I saw it and saw it was Spider Man and I thought of Matty !
she thought you'd like it .
she thought you'd totally think it was cool .
we were looking at it in the bathroom it's very cool .
it goes up everywhere almost like Spider Man does !
so what did we do when we couldn't go hiking .
when we couldn't take pictures what did we do instead ?
we went to the park and what else did we do ?
what did we do at the rock beach that was pretty cool .
we were climbing the rocks .
what did we do with some of the shale ?
we took some of it home ?
no we didn't .
I don't think we did .
that was at the beach the day before .
yesterday we didn't take any shale home I don't think .
what we did remember we went to the part that's all like falling apart into little pieces ?
and we were throwing it and hit the rock and explode !
yup we did take that home you're right .
we took the orange kind of rock home that is true .
and then we did something afterwards because we got hot but we didn't wanna swim in the lake .
why don't we swim in that lake ?
dirty yeah .
dirky ?
it was dirky water .
it is kind of murky and dirty .
so what did we do instead ?
play bowling you wanna play bowling ?
just tell me what we decided to do because we were hot from climbing ?
we didn't wanna swim ?
he took a whole bucket and poured it all over his head .
and then you were super cold right ?
and then you were shivering .
and then we were talking about the funny thing where someone actually had a worm bath ?
what would a worm bath be like ?
how do you have a worm bath so_that doctor Weist will know ?
say it on the tape recorder how you have a worm bath .
the worms talk to each_other ?
what do they say ?
I see .
I see .
that's what the worms say to each_other .
let's ride the motorcycle because we've rode one before .
you hafta push those things down and then what does it do ?
I makes it stops right ?
what did you and Daddy get at the Home Depot today that was cool for you ?
a garden set ?
well what's part of the garden set ?
a rake and a shovel and a bucket .
all those things ?
really ?
wow .
so is it a kid's set ?
do you wanna talk about going on our trip ?
where we're gonna go ?
we're going to be here next week but then we're going to be gone .
where are we going do you remember ?
the ocean yeah .
are we gonna see any of these ?
you hope not .
you don't wanna see any sharks ?
any great white sharks ?
what are we gonna see at the ocean probably ?
kick butt barracudas ?
really well that would be interesting .
what did we see last time we were there ?
sharks ?
shark babies ?
so what do you wanna do today ?
do you wanna play with the cash register ?
what ?
oh the bowling set .
yes I do remember .
you wanna do it that way again ?
now what are you really sposta do when you do bowling ?
so you're really sposta hit it with this pin huh ?
okay one more time and then we'll do something else .
you can barely see through it how come ?
oh_my_goodness are you okay ?
I didn't know you were going to use you to knock them over .
what ?
you were pretending you were a pin ?
you wanna use the ball now ?
can we use the last pin then since you're going to do it with the ball ?
that did go pretty good .
I just remembered something .
we did not even mention what we found the other day that we brought home in the bucket .
what did you find ?
a shell ?
how bout I give you another hint .
we got it at Leona Falls and it was creepy .
what was it ?
a crayfish .
I wanna bowl again said the worms !
you could be those worms talk right ?
so what did we do with the crayfish then ?
did we eat the crayfish ?
we didn't eat him for supper .
that was a good way .
I've never seen anybody do it that way .
time to go home ?
how_about a couple more minutes Boo ?
why are you getting hungry ?
what did you and Daddy have for lunch today ?
two noodles and a hotdog ?
only two noodles that's all ?
one kooky poop ?
did Daddy make you a new hotdog or did you eat the one I made you yesterday ?
he didn't know I made one did he ?
what are you talking about ?
I don't think we needta talk about this anymore .
oh my gosh are you okay ?
you can't leave just yet .
