dinosaurs and stuff , is that what you'd like to do ? 

okay we'll do that .
alright well you know I'd like to learn about this one .
can you tell me about this one about him as a pet what would he be like ?
eat some of the cats ?
oh well what does he eat ?
he eats plants off the tree okay .
so you suggest I buy this and this .
does he drink juice ?
so I should buy this orange juice ?
alright you gonna ring up everything ?
okay do I need anything else you think to help take care of him ?
next time I come you're going to ring up all these dinosaurs ?
but what if I don't want all those dinosaurs for pets ?
&-um hm .
they're not dangerous even the ones with the sharp teeth ?
see but I'm worried about buying all those because there would be just too many what if I don't have space for them at my house ?
they're just little kid dinosaurs ?
you think they'll have enough space .
so I'll take him home .
okay so alright well I'll take him home .
he's like the first one he's the starter guy we're gonna see if he works out okay ?
alright because I'm not sure I want all of them but we'll check it out okay ?
okay .
ring ring .
yes are you the one who sold me this dinosaur ?
I have some more questions I didn't realize I would have questions but I have some questions .
okay well I'm wondering about where he sleeps .
I might hafta go to a pet store and get him a bed ?
do you guys sell beds ?
as big as a house ?
I see well that should be plenty big .
alright well let me come over and check out what you got okay ?
alright you said you got some beds at your place here because I really need a bed for him I think .
oh this whole thing ?
no wait I don't want all the dinosaurs there's too many !
I gotta take them all ?
even all the plants too ?
what if somebody else comes by and they wanna buy something else ?
really ?
you have a whole other set of dinosaurs for somebody else who might come .
I'm also concerned about how much this is going to cost me .
one dollar for all of these ?
okay .
I'm a little worried about this one .
he does have sharp teeth .
what did you say the other day ?
I see he eats kinda spiky plants okay .
hard plants .
so you're telling me he's not going to eat my other dinosaurs .
alright okay another plant .
oh okay .
alright thank you .
okay great I'm set .
that what's that for ?
it's a little intercom so if somebody's in another part of the store like lets say so if somebody brought you something that didn't have a price tag on it you could say okay we need a price check for spaghetti .
then the person who's in the juice aisle will come and see what it is you need a price check on .
.
okay .
alright I'm going to take all these home here's your money .
that's here you go here's your dollar .
you just ate the money !
oh_my_goodness .
I'm going to set them up over here .
hello .
you know what it's so interesting that you're calling me because I actually have some questions for you about all the dinosaurs you sold me .
well you that none of them were dangerous but they are fighting .
because they they all wanna live in a certain spot .
how am I gonna decide who gets to live in the best spot ?
alright thank you bye .
well see this is the area of concern .
everybody wants to live right by the pond .
how am I going to do it ?
they all wanna live right by the pond so they don't hafta walk far to drink some nice cool water .
okay .
I see so maybe some of them would be willing to live up here ?
mhm .
well this one doesn't wanna live here though he already told me that cause there is a volcano erupting .
that doesn't seem like the best spot you know .
okay so they just hafta divide themselves up huh and find different areas to live in ?
then I also have another problem .
this one here has been crying .
he says that he's very small and misses his mommy .
oh so we just gotta make sure they're together .
did she adopt him because she doesn't look very much like him ?
oh okay .
where do you think I should put my plants and my trees where they can get to them and have a_lot_of food ?
he's got a good spot then for the trees then .
wow that's actually really great I guess they've got it figured out now .
mhm .
who does ?
how do you know he likes to drink lava ?
bye thank you so much .
okay should I just call if I have any trouble ?
okay thank you so much .
I appreciate your help .
really .
good thing you brought your car back .
alright let's say that I came in I ran out_of green food .
hello are you still open ?
I'm running in to some trouble right now because you know I put the trees in that you gave me but there's so many dinosaurs they ate all the green food .
&-um no the problem is there's plenty of water they just need more food .
oh okay so they can drink milk awesome okay .
so no way this is like three different types of things that they can drink thank you .
well alright well I feel better and what are these ?
oh okay okay so .
oh okay so this is if they're thirsty okay .
oh you gotta ring them up right .
you don't have any do you have anymore green food ?
oh you gave me all you had huh ?
alrighty great job .
thank you so much I was about ready to forget your dollar .
how can you eat money ?
don't you need the money ?
don't you needta save the money ?
oh you keep it in your mouth .
hello yes ?
well you know no not really cause I put the food aside and I gave them some of the milk and some of the bread and they seem to be doing pretty good with it .
they're not they're not really arguing anymore but you know I'm afraid about something that could happen tonight .
some of them seem afraid of the dark .
what could I do ?
you just have one big one one flashlight ?
oh you're bringing it over ?
okay great .
thank you so much .
you can see oh yeah this light is amazing it's so bright for such a small flashlight .
it's so amazing !
so all you hafta do is open it up and squeeze it huh and the light comes out ?
wow that light is so awesome .
now where should we keep the light you know cause they're kinda spread out ?
just anywhere maybe if I put it up here in the sky in a tree or something .
then all of them will have light does that sound like a good idea ?
okay it runs on batteries huh ?
yes hello ?
that's awesome .
well I need like three or four but if that's okay you can bring them over three or four batteries should do it .
oh okay let me ask them .
do you guys want some chocolate milk ?
no yes yes I do me too !
oh okay it looks like we need a bunch .
looks like we need as much as you can get .
they're very thirsty .
okay that sounds good .
okay great you know those batteries are going to run out at some point .
you know I could use the batteries for other things too .
thank you .
alright well let me see now everyone hasta get in line in_order_to have their ah chocolate milk given to them .
you know how you hafta wait your turn sometimes ?
.
how_about a T_Rex he's the first one in line .
get to be first .
&-um hm .
he needs to be in front how come ?
you think that's a good set up of the of the different animals ?
okay .
but where does he go ?
he falls ?
follows ?
stand up very well .
okay .
mhm .
.
mhm .
so he says I want my chocolate milk please please let me have my chocolate milk !
I've been waiting in line all day long !
.
yeah I think so he's next in line .
.
okay thank you .
oh yeah sure that's a great spot .
so how_about these meat eater ones or sharp teeth ones do they get something to drink or no ?
hey hey hey you gotta share don't drink so much .
oh there is extra ?
you're going to go get the larger bottle ?
toys for the dinosaurs ?
oh .
that is a big bottle .
oh my gosh that'll be enough chocolate milk I think yeah .
I was thinking Matty you know what ?
we can play this game a little bit more but I was thinking Leslie might wanna hear about your trip to New York City .
maybe she's never been to New York City and she's interested in what you saw there ?
no I've never been there .
the Statue of Liberty .
how did you get to New York City ?
&-um hm on a train and a ferry uhhuh .
any other ideas ?
weby weby .
okay so we went to New York City what else have we been doing since since we were here do you remember ?
you're not going to answer well .
you're not going to say until I sing .
that reminds me of something that you did .
you went to ?
where ?
vacation bible school .
what do you do at vacation bible school ?
what's the word ?
a real word ?
love ?
that's what I hafta say ?
I love you !
yes Matty .
I .
love .
you .
you gonna play again ?
another different type of pet store ?
other animals alright maybe I'll start a new kinda thing another thing cause you know I have a very big backyard so I could probably put up a couple things okay .
&-um so who did you go to New York City with ?
oh you don't wanna talk about New York City ?
don't say a word about New York City huh ?
how_about if we talk a little bit and then we'll play a game again .
how do you feel when I say ?
what does that mean ?
hey you know what ?
I'll just remember one more thing and then we'll play the game .
on Monday whose house did we go and go swimming at ?
whose house did we go to ?
what's the smile mean ?
Doctor Weist's house !
we did and now who went with us ?
well we met them there .
Ro ?
now what's interesting about Roman and Sophie ?
what's going to happen ?
mhm .
they're gonna move and we're going to go to their yard sale .
we're going to get something like what ?
like maybe a new shirt that was Roman's ?
something more like a toy .
what if they don't get rid of their toys they might just get rid of their baby toys .
they probably wouldn't wanna give away their fun toys now .
they can bring things to their new house .
what did they say ?
well I think they don't wanna bring that much because they have so much stuff and there's not that much space in their new house .
but they're gonna keep some stuff .
they're not going to buy all new toys right or games or puzzles or books right ?
oh would that how would you like that ?
would you wanna move and hafta get rid of all your stuff ?
hm ?
you don't like that idea huh ?
not a word about it anymore .
well we're not moving anyway so that should be no problem .
you're gonna yes when you grow up you're going to move .
where are you going to move to you think ?
you wanna move you'd like to move to South Dakota .
what's in South Dakota that you're so interested in seeing ?
snow .
they don't have a_lot_of snow there .
North Dakota now they got lots_of snow there .
ah you wanna go back to North Dakota where you were born ?
no way !
we'll hafta visit there again definitely .
what ?
oh they must be free then right ?
nope they're just free I just get to have them if I'm willing to take them ?
and take care of them then I get em for free huh ?
okay I'll see all the choices that I have .
&-um hm .
probably shouldn't choose him oh there he is another horse okay .
a lamb okay .
baa baa .
oh yup I remember them they're twin dogs right ?
a chicken .
you useta have a chicken like that .
&-um with your we useta have fisher price farm and it came with a chicken just like that .
alright which one shall I choose ?
I'll choose this horse .
okay thank you .
alright I guess I should take the money since I don't hafta pay you .
&-um hm .
oh okay bye thank you very much I hope it works out .
hm oh hello ?
wait wait what's your name ?
this is Matty oh okay .
oh where I got the horse yes you know I needta talk to you about this horse .
he's very loud he just neighs all day long .
nay nay .
he sounds kinda like almost like a sheep because he keeps neighing all the time .
wait hello ?
hello ?
you hung up on me .
okay .
bye thanks for your advice .
my little horsie I'm curious he says hay and ah some water will keep him from neighing .
but I never heard that before .
he said they're things that would help .
to help .
what did I just say ?
water oh .
well a flashlight no I don't know a flashlight yes he said that that would help him he'd feel more comfortable .
sleeping at night and he would stop neighing .
oh you mean the flashlight from before .
this is it !
alright so I'll bring this flashlight over for him to use okay .
&-um hm ?
extra batteries okay .
you know he said he'd actually like to live right over here you know why ?
because he's very nervous about the dinosaurs .
he's very nervous he saw some that have sharp teeth .
so he's quite nervous actually .
what are you gonna to tell him ?
