do I wanna buy dinosaur hm ?
well you know , I do need a new pet which dinosaur would you recommend ?
these two how come those two ?
they're not a meat eater .
well , if I only have room for one , which one shall I choose ?
the duckbill okay .
how do we know what colors they really were ?
what ?
oh , The Land Before Time says what color they were .
when you watch the show right ?
yeh is this the same one as say Ducky's mom did they color this one the same ?
yeh , they are kind of a lighter green on The Land Before Time I don't know why they made this one blue hm interesting .
mhm that one's kinda green here , and blue here , right ?
well alright , I'll take this duckbill how much does it cost ?
three one thirty one ?
thirty one cents ?
okay that's my thirty one cents .
don't you ever put it inside your cash register ?
no , what do you do with the money ?
just eat it .
okay well I'll take this home , but what do I needta know about taking care of this particular dinosaur ?
this if he wants to eat .
okay will this be enough food ?
okay if I'm buying some more , take all of these okay .
alright , how much do these cost ?
thirty one ?
okay .
now , what would you recommend in terms of where he should sleep ?
inside there ?
inside here ?
how does he get inside ?
I don't know I'm not sure .
it's the only container you have .
well should I see if he fits in any of these ?
I mean his head is in pretty good shape , but what_about the rest of his body ?
I know .
oh alright well , which is his favorite ?
the water one well I'll buy that one .
oh I see that makes sense that he would like this one , cause it's like water , right ?
okay , alright how much does this bed cost ?
free now , should I call this a bed is this like a bed ?
okay and is this how I set it up set it up there and he'll come and sleep like that ?
alright so I got a bed for him , I got food , anything else I need for the duckbill ?
all he needs is a friend ?
well won't the friend end up eating all the food ?
no okay well are you sure he really needs a friend , or might he like to live by himself ?
okay whenever he sees one of his friends he goes over to it .
the pterodactyl also ?
how shall I choose which one gets to go home with him ?
hm , should he choose , or do you think it would be mean for him to choose his best friend ?
take em all home you think , huh how do these guys sleep ?
cause I know he sleeps with his head in how do these guys sleep ?
oh I see they each just put their head in one of them see just each of their heads .
so I can take all of these I don't think I have enough money for all of these things .
just since I bought him and bought the trees , that's all I get all the rest of this for free ?
okay sounds pretty good to me .
unless are they gonna destroy my house ?
are you sure do you have a bag ?
how am I gonna carry all this stuff home ?
oh okay thank you this looks like this will work .
hm , let's see now .
alright I think I'm set it all fits in the bag .
how bout if I call you and tell you how it's going at home , okay ?
ring ring ring .
hello are you the one that sold me all these dinosaurs ?
well I have a question for you .
I thought you said they were friends they keep fighting .
why do they keep fighting ?
they like to fight ?
are they gonna hurt each_other ?
what are they doing are they just play fighting for pretend ?
hm , I think maybe that I think you should come over here and talk to them please .
they keep doing it even if you tell them to stop ?
do you know what happens when they fight ?
they're really loud .
it's too loud I'm trying to like watch tv , and I'm trying to read , and they're just too loud when they fight what would you suggest ?
food you think that if they're not so hungry then they may not fight so much ?
okay thank you that was helpful okay .
ring ring ring .
hello is this the person that sold me the dinosaurs ?
well , I hafta tell you one of them , the pterodactyl , I think he's very sick .
he's just very bloody you see him ?
yeh .
that's how you sold him you sold him to me and he had blood all over him ?
oh , you mean he's fine ?
oh okay it's just his skin ?
oh , I feel better thank you goodbye .
ring ring ring .
I'm so sorry to bother you again , but this stegosaurus you know ?
he just keeps sleeping all he does is sleep all day long .
what should I do with him ?
another friend but I have all these pets .
wait , wait what's this pet gonna do what's he gonna to be helpful for ?
he's gonna take care of my stegosaurus ?
can he wake him up or something ?
oh , okay this's what he does ?
okay wake up !
oh , alright .
I was thinking we should tell Leslie about the things we've been doing since we saw her .
I don't know if she knows that one place we went where there were tons of very big
waterfalls .
do you wanna tell her what we did there ?
it was very big remember how surprised we were ?
how did we get around when we were there ?
a hiking trail , that's right it was totally cool weren't we totally surprised ?
oh my gosh though she does not know what we saw there what was that big , big , big long thing that we saw there ?
it was a snake it was seriously , how big would you say that snake was ?
that's right it was like twelve feet long , probably more it was giant it was this giant snake we couldn't believe it was just living out there wasn't it giant ?
do you remember did the people like it who were around us did they like that snake ?
how did you feel about it ?
what ?
happy did you wanna take it home ?
that giant of a snake ?
I don't think we'd have anything to keep it in .
you actually do have a snake pet though since we've been here how did you get a real little snake for our house for a while ?
Daddy catched one , yeh .
where did he catch it ?
mhm , at our land he went and caught it , and then what did you guys do ?
you screamed ?
I thought you liked that snake ?
remember you guys were trying to feed it ?
what'd you try to feed it ?
two snails and one worm but
you think he ate them ?
he ate part of the worm , didn't he ?
that's gross I don't really like the snake .
no I really don't well he was cute , but I don't like that they hafta eat that they're meat eaters , and they eat like live things it seems gross .
you and Daddy did something else this weekend too that was super fun on Saturday do you remember where Daddy took you , on where ?
a ride park yeh , right .
wasn't trying to think about oh , she doesn't know about how you won !
how you won some stuff .
how'd you win , the how'd you do the ball game ?
mhm , you get a prize .
so , if you got the net , and you catch the ball with the net , right ?
so , and how did you win the other little things like the parachute guy ?
picking up five ducks what were the ducks ?
what were they in ?
oh , you just pick em up , and see if you're the winner is that how it went ?
five ducks , and then you won a whole bunch of little toys , like a little harmonica .
yes you did , I know you totally did .
so we've been really we've done tons of stuff we went hiking a bunch of times , and we hm I'm trying to think about another thing you did that you told me about that was very interesting do you wanna tell the story about that girl at your school and the cheese ?
okay .
you can't tell yet okay , how_about if I count to ten and maybe you tell ?
fourteen , okay .
okay let's hear the story .
you don't remember the story you told me the same story yesterday about her at school .
about the cheese .
do you remember the story do you wanna talk about something else you don't hafta talk about the cheese story if you don't want .
hm I'm trying to think of what else we've done since you were here .
well , there was one time we went hiking and we found something that was very tasty and you ate them all what were those ?
yup we kept finding blackberries and Matty kept eating them and Mommy and Daddy kept picking them , right and who kept eating them ?
yeh .
you wanna eat that kind you ready for the next stick ?
alrighty well , what_about if you don't wanna tell the cheese story , what_about something else that's going on at your school ?
do you wanna explain to her about the sticks we won't say anything about the yellow stick but how does the stick thing work ?
is it like this ?
oh , what is it what is the yellow stick ?
and then
yeh what happens if you do a great job that day what do you get ?
mhm what happens if you get stars through the whole week like the whole week or something what do you get ?
mhm where do the prizes come from ?
mhm and does she choose it for you ?
or someone else who ever gets the prize gets to choose their own ?
doesn't that take a long time ?
now , you had your eye on some particular toy what was that that you wanted to get ?
but if you see it , when you get to choose from the jar , that would be good new , right ?
you already gotta do that what did you pick ?
remember what you chose ?
there's some what ?
that's okay you can talk about the candy , that's fine .
there's a couple of different colors in there , right ?
we didn't even start the grape one yet , right ?
so what did you do when James came over yesterday ?
you mean when we all went to Sullivan's .
oh yeah we all went to Sullivan's , that's true .
but what did you do when James was at our house ?
I dunno you guys were doing like a marching band for a little while , right ?
a music band ?
after we stopped , then you did a music band ?
what is that that Daddy fixed with the batteries ?
there's lots_of stuff at our house that's like that .
oh I remember you're talking about your tape recorder .
Daddy put new batteries in it , and now it works , right ?
I see so you had a music band and you were using that .
and then there was something that happened with the money what was the deal with the money ?
what was James trying to do with the money ?
he was trying to put in there , and you were very angry at him .
yeah , why did you think he wanted to put it in there ?
and where did you want the money to be ?
out_of there .
I remember that was right before we were getting ready to go .
so , then we went to Sullivan's , and that was cool , right ?
except you guys kept trying to take that ketchup .
what were you gonna do with that ketchup there ?
yeah , I was a little worried .
yes , and the ketchup would go everywhere .
that would not have been so good .
hey , you got something in your hair last week do you remember at school ?
sugar .
on b week yeah , last week was b week .
how come you got sugar in your hair last week ?
you were the fastest on in your class in gym , uhhuh and then ?
into the water pit ?
and then ?
well why did you want sugar in your hair instead of a toy ?
you always like toys .
oh , how did it feel ?
that was so funny though , cause I came home , remember , and I was like your hair is so sticky , whatcha got in your hair ?
and it was
yeah .
should we put this in your hair it's kind of like sugar ?
no no no , don't really I'm just joking .
if we were outside , maybe but in here , you've already gotten some stuff in Doctor Weist's lab .
maybe afterwards we'll get like a paper towel what do you think of that ?
we'll wipe the floor up .
you know what your mouth is totally blue you would not believe it .
we did something I was thinking about running we went to the track the other day , remember ?
what did we do at the track ?
your what you brought this here to put it in my hair ?
you brought what to the track ?
no , that wouldn't have been a good idea for you to have candy there , right ?
that stuff smells really , really , really , really gross !
I use to like the grape one that one's weird it's like a raspberry apple .
that seems a little strange .
do you wanna color ?
oh_my_goodness put that back down !
what do you think about the Hulk , hm ?
you know , you're kinda turning into the Hulk cause you know what ?
your teeth and your tongue are totally green just like this guy is totally green .
oh_my_goodness that's a very strong guy !
here's a maze let's see here .
wow !
her does have very big feet it's kinda odd , isn't it , and strange ?
look at all those muscles would you wanna look like that ?
when you get older , are you gonna be the Incredible Hulk ?
for Christmas ?
what a time that we dress up for certain things ?
dress up in costumes .
no , do you know what part of the year it is when we dress up in costumes ?
and we say trick or treat .
yes , Halloween .
do you know what you're gonna be for Halloween this year ?
I dunno what do you think you wanna be ?
this guy the Hulk ?
I dunno about that .
oh_my_goodness you wanna be a scary guy ?
you're gonna scare all the people when you go to their houses ?
you guess not , huh ?
now a dinosaur costume would be cool .
what were you last year do you remember ?
a pee pee head I don't remember that !
you were Elmo when you were two .
you were Elmo when you were two , and then last year you were a
you don't remember ?
fireman .
oh yeah , a fireman .
well we'll hafta look around and think about it , you know , what would it be cool to be for Halloween .
oh , the cherry one .
no that's cherry .
lick a stick .
crunch a stick that's what you like to do .
now what is Roman doing in the afternoons that on Thursday you find very interesting ?
after we picked him up and took him somewhere ?
what is he doing that you'd like to do ?
I'm not quite sure do you remember the name of it ?
no ?
so do you wanna color , or no ?
what ?
you don't wanna put it away ?
should we talk about gymnastics , what Roman does ?
what are you doing in gymnastics remember ?
you seemed interested in doing it you're not very interested in doing it still ?
into a blocky thing ?
oh , like a trampoline , kinda ?
is it like a big foam pit ?
is that what he jumped into a big pit ?
what's down in the pit snakes ?
dinosaurs ?
now that would be interesting , if there was a bunch of dinosaurs in the pit .
well , we've been talking about whether Matty might do gymnastics .
could you please pick that up go ahead .
it's still in there I'll hold your stuff go ahead .
so , Matty might do gymnastics , maybe .
what was I worried about with you doing gymnastics though remember ?
what wasn't I sure about ?
because what ?
cause you might play with Roman , yeah .
what would you and Roman do potentially ?
what's that ?
hold each other's hands and go around in a circle and are you sposta do that ?
so what do you wanna do ?
we did the dinosaur game , we've been mostly talking what else do you wanna do ?
I wonder you know what I'm thinking though .
I'm worried a little bit that your hands are sticky , and you're gonna get everything super sticky .
I dunno maybe the candy wasn't such a good idea .
