she's totally set up stuff . 

did you want your milk ?
tell Leslie where you've been , that we just ran in real quick to get some food at home .
where've you been ?
you started school ?
do you like it ?
yeh .
yeh .
what did you do yesterday at school that was very interesting do you remember ?
with the song ?
you don't remember ?
well , they do all different kinds of activities at his school .
they have art what else ?
mhm .
spanish was the thing yesterday .
wow .
yeh .
what do I wanna buy ?
well I wanna play the buying game , but I was wondering if you could tell Leslie a really funny story about what happened this weekend at the river .
I was wondering if you could tell her the really funny story about what happened with you at the river .
so you fell off , and you got really really wet .
and then what did you do actually ?
you walked a little more ?
weren't you frozen ?
you're still frozen , right ?
yeh that was a really kind of weird thing that happened with that , right ?
was the water really deep ?
did your hair get wet ?
no , it wasn't super deep .
so yeah , we went to the river that was a super fun time .
cause of all the river water on you , right ?
yeh that was a smart idea , to take a shower .
that useta be the bottom of the ocean you're right .
but now what is it ?
definitely cause the whole thing was ocean right pretty much everywhere was ocean .
that's why remember , we found those rocks that had little shells fossil shells on it because that useta be the ocean .
I'm trying to think about something interesting else that we've been doing .
we went to a birthday party the other day .
well , what did you guys do at the party ?
you're so excited to say what ?
I'll give you a hint .
the clue is , three or four pieces .
that was kinda funny about the party three or four pieces of what ?
the game yup , there was three or four pieces of the game you hadta collect , right ?
oh_my_goodness .
I was thinking about three or four pieces of cake .
so , why don't you tell Leslie about the cake .
what ?
that was so tasty , that what ?
it was tasty that you
almost could scream .
well , he kept taking little pieces of cake , right and then I kept giving you some more , and more and more .
oh my gosh he had so much cake at the party .
and then there was this game how did you hafta do the game ?
do you remember how you hadta do the game ?
what'd you hafta try to collect for the game do you member ?
what Tonka Joe ?
no , you hadta collect
toys yup , and what were they in ?
little bags , yup .
do you wanna play the game now where you gotta try to buy stuff ?
what do I wanna buy today .
I think I'd like to buy this baby doll .
wait wait I have a question first .
is it a doll , or is it a real person ?
oh_my_goodness .
a real person is for sale ?
oh then I can't buy it .
but you can't buy people .
you really can't .
you know what they call it when you buy a person ?
they're called slaves .
do you remember when you were in the firefly room and they talked about those people that hadta be the slaves ?
and then they went along the Undergroung Railroad .
so we don't wanna sell people anymore .
how_about if she's a doll ?
okay , cause you really can't buy people .
okay how much does she cost ?
one dollar okay .
do you oh_my_goodness you remembered that you hafta eat the money !
I'm going to ask you , does he always eat the money ?
do you have any beds for her ?
I'm not sure that comes out .
how bout this will you sell me this for the bed ?
you can get a bed out_of the dollhouse .
oh what do you think where should she sleep ?
okay ring it up .
guess you can have another one ?
mhm you want me to fix it ?
you want me to grab something else ?
okay .
okay how much does that cost ?
it's free she gets to come with a free bed ?
oh , okay here let's say I called you up on the phone .
ring ring ring .
hello .
what store is this am I calling the right store ?
what's the name of your store ?
oh , okay well that's what I was hoping for I have a problem with the doll .
well , she won't put her legs down they're always poking up on the bed .
is there anything that can be done ?
you think she's saying that she wants some food ?
okay well , do you sell food there ?
you don't remember what that's called jello .
mhm .
mhm .
berries , okay .
I was wondering this looks really tasty can she drink this like it's a bottle can I give her this to drink out_of ?
okay yeh I'll buy her this to drink .
it's just free ?
all the accessories and everything that goes with the doll is free ?
okay well I'll have the ketchup then .
ring ring ring .
I have another problem .
well you know what happened ?
she threw up .
I was wondering if I could buy some cleaning supplies , so I could clean up the stuff that she threw up .
oh gross !
oh yuck no no I don't want a dog to lick it up the ketchup that she threw up no don't you have any like tissues or cleaning stuff ?
I'll come over and buy some water .
okay , do you have some water for me ?
do you have any napkins or anything ?
okay , I'll just dump it all over the bed .
ring ring ring .
well now she's real hungry again , cause she threw up what else would you suggest ?
soup okay .
&~whaa &~whaa !
ring ring .
&~whaa &~whaa !
do you hear that ?
oh my gosh she's totally crying .
I dunno if she liked that soup .
alright .
I'll make some jello .
mix it up you gotta put it in the fridge for awhile .
okay little baby doll , come on and eat your jello .
oh_my_goodness .
ring ring ring excuse me .
I don't think the jello idea was very good .
she poured the jello all over her head .
let's see what this is sposta be chocolate nuts .
okay maybe she'd like those .
oh , I just wanted to thank you the chocolate nuts are great she ate them , and she's probably fine now .
I won't bother you anymore goodbye .
okay pretend that we just walked by we didn't call you up , but we came and walked by .
ring ring ring excuse me .
we were wondering if you know where she could get her hair cut it's kinda long .
a horse could chew it off alright well , maybe I'll just sit her up right here is that gonna work ?
oh no .
I thought we were just gonna make it a little shorter now she's bald !
you ate all of her hair .
oh_my_goodness !
the horse would hafta have time out cause he ate all of her hair off ?
alright well look , it grew back she's fine .
I was thinking about what else we've been doing we went on a trip to Chicago .
tell her about what you saw in Chicago !
the tallest building where ?
is it the tallest building in the town , or the tallest building in the city , or the tallest building in the what ?
the tallest building in the world it's called the Sears tower do you remember what was very interesting when we left Chicago about the Sears tower ?
why didn't we see the top ?
so we were only able to see the bottom how did Daddy even know where the building was ?
remember it was a little different from the other ones cause it was a dark dark building .
and he knew where it was located , so that's how he kind of knew he said that's it , that's the Sears tower right there .
cool oh , she doesn't know this story either .
this is a story that I was a little bit , a little bit , I don't know if I'd say angry about , but I was a little bit hm remember when we were going to Chicago and I told the lady not to give you the toy .
okay tell her the whole story what happened ?
well you didn't really beg for one , but you said you wanted one but she asked you , she said do you want one and what did you say ?
and what did she do , even_though I said no toy , what did she do ?
she gave you one anyway , right ?
but it was a cool toy , remember what kind of toy it was ?
mhm it was cool , push the button on the snakes head , right , and then the little big rock would come up , and it would make the car go flying .
you might be able to make that car go all the way up to the ceiling ?
what did you do I dropped my shoe that's what that noise was what did you do ?
did you drop your shoe too ?
that's what mine did mine fell off too .
what did you do at Brandon and Aaron's house with the cars do you remember it was kinda cool ?
made then super tall .
yup you made it super tall you connected all the little car sets together .
oh_my_goodness .
hey , you know what Leslie also doesn't know what's been going on with our car oh_my_goodness .
what's been going on with our car ?
what ?
you're too scared to say ?
well , first we had problems with our started and then they fixed it but then they didn't fix it entirely , right and we hadta send it back , and you were so happy , right ?
yeh and then we had the rental car , which you liked a lot .
remember , you were even kinda fussy , and you were like you wanted to keep that rental car forever , and I'm like we can't , we hafta pay for it everyday .
so now what's wrong with the car ?
you said what do you know about this ?
so what's wrong with the car now even_though we got it fixed ?
the window's broken what's broken about it ?
yeh , it's stuck open we're hoping it doesn't rain .
yeh , we've had lots_of problems with that car .
we were actually sposta come here last week and meet her , and that was the day the car we got it stuck at your school , remember ?
oh_my_goodness we got stuck at his school and it would not start that was bad .
I'm trying to think what else we've been doing , Matty ?
so let's see we went to Chicago , and you started school and
do you wanna play with the dollhouse , or the dinosaurs , or look what she brought ?
do you wanna see what she brought ?
what do you think of that does he look super duper strong ?
hey that guy looked kinda scary .
they are sparkly ones aren't they ?
do you wanna color any of it ?
he seems pretty strong I hafta say , what do you think ?
what do you think about this face ?
do you wanna pick a page to color ?
oh_my_goodness .
he is all scratched up .
what did you hafta do at school with like the big A and little a do you remember that one picture ?
do you remember .
are you saying no ?
okay .
all the crayons out to do this okay .
oh no that one's broke how sad .
you needta be all the same facing the same way and the same height okay .
mhm .
oh , what do you think about that is that all going to fit ?
oh_my_goodness .
okay which you can have upside down I see .
cool that reminds me of something that you made at your school do you emember ?
the first day of school you came home and you told me about how you made a rainbow , right that kinda looks like a rainbow with the different colors .
yes .
whoa .
he totally does he's multicolored , you would say .
he's pretty cool do you remember what color the hulk really is ?
yeah , green is that still your favorite color , or do you have a new favorite color ?
okay your very favorite's this one , and this is like your second favorite number two ?
okay which one do you like next after that ?
your very favorite is the one that goes down okay .
that one , the light pink ?
hm cool I like all those colors too .
lets see , if I hadta pick my favorite it probably would be
mhm ?
I get this group , okay .
is this where I get to pick from for my favorite ?
mm , okay cause I think my favorite out_of this group is probably this cause look almost the same as my sweater today .
okay , so I gotta do it the same way ?
mhm .
we each have three is that how many you have ?
oh one two three four , one two three four how many do you have in your hand ?
and I have three so the reason we don't have the exact same number is because we have mister broken one here .
so , nobody gets him , right ?
okay which color are we gonna do which page you wanna do ?
this is me should I color the rose ?
three different colors , and see how that comes out ?
this is interesting you know why ?
you don't really see the blue you know , this light blue I didn't realize it , but you don't see that color as well .
how did yours come out ?
oh mostly orange isn't that interesting you actually had all four colors , but how come you only mostly see the orange ?
okay .
all of them whoa I got seven of them .
I dunno you gotta count em .
ah , I think you have eight .
yes you do I only have seven .
okay ready , what am I gonna color this rose with all these colors ?
okay .
orange , and then I notice this coming out sort of the purple over there .
mhm .
oh , we hadta trade ?
yes , and I have kind of this yellow green yellow with rainbow glitter it doesn't look like yellow .
it looks like yellow green doesn't it ?
okay I'm gonna draw right here .
mhm ?
it's kind of hard to draw with more than one isn't it ?
mostly I see
green definitely green , but your orange and your red comes out pretty good too .
the only one you really can't see very well is the light pink you don't see light pink really .
mm , almost it almost looks like this color this darker pinkish color .
could ya see that ?
ah yup .
I put your name on it .
you write your name all the time at school now don't you ?
did you ever think about being with the y at the end ?
so you're just Matt , huh ?
just Matt .
what if you had a long name like Zachias ?
you know what's going to be a big thing for you to spell ?
Lastname .
if you have other Matthews , you might just be Matthew z for awhile .
or Matty or Matt Z .
oops we don't wanna break him okay , that one already had a broken but we don't any other ones to break .
so , we're gonna end up going pretty soon so what do you wanna do at the end of our time here ?
sell dinosaurs , okay .
okay , sell dinosaurs , oh and drink milk .
alright so let's see now I think I will buy this one he seems gentle .
oh is he gonna end up scratching my house and my furniture ?
hm that's no good so which one would you suggest ?
uhhuh .
I'll buy the duckbill .
he seems like he's gonna be okay ?
does he need a swimming pool ?
well see , I don't know if I want the pool then , because I don't wanna hafta take care of all these animals .
maybe how_about this maybe I'll just buy the bed .
it's kind of complicated to hafta take all those animals too .
