is it good , oh it is .
so we can , I think it works don't you .
yeah , I hope so .
I hope so .
it's like an interview hi .
yeah , yeah yeah , let's pretend that we are having a show .
let's pretend we are interviewing you okay so Matthew is it what is your name ?
Matty .
now how old are you Matty ?
four an when is your birthday ?
ah June ninth so tell me about why that day is going to be special for you this year .
oh , you are taking off what ?
oh really , you haven't even actually told me that , both of you is it a day when you have school the day that it's your actual birthday ?
oh yeah I won't be working then it will be in June so I'll be done with school so we'll actually all three of us will be free .
member there could be another reason why it is going to be a special day not necessarily the day but around it you had a certain plan in terms of .
that's your favorite .
do you know where the aquarium is ?
what what are we going to do while we are in the car didn't we talk about that , remember ?
drink juice boxes right cause it's going to be a little bit of a trip .
how bout I give you another hint of something you have been talking about with your birthday something with some friends .
I'll give you another hint , you just went to one of these on Saturday .
yeah , so tell me about what your plan is for your birthday party .
oh yeah , I think you told me about that .
a Jenny B Jones birthday party .
well what else are you going to do what's gonna be like the fun things you're gonna do ?
I gotta tell if they put it in the right place and you're gonna ?
oh cool if they win awesome .
well what are your plans in terms of friends to invite ?
wow , how bout the Eves ?
oh_my_goodness that sounds like a giant party hm .
well you did go to a birthday party this past weekend at &-um hm ?
yeah , what did you do at Erica's party ?
yes .
yep that was the name musical chairs they had that and what else ?
&-um , and what else did you do at the party ?
&-um , that's pretty cool .
yeah .
and did you eat anything at the party ?
yeah you had cake okay .
you want it ?
oh my .
maybe she's gonna eat it at home .
do you want it ?
if you want you can have it .
you offered it to her and then you decided you wanted it back ?
oh I see , you thought maybe she didn't really want it huh ?
well maybe another time we'll bring her some we'll bring her a couple next time okay .
and I'll hafta eat it really really fast .
so what else have we actually been doing , we actually been having an exciting weekend because Saturday member it was Erica's party and then Sunday Erica and Jimmy came over and then Roman came over Friday night and it was just a wild day so all these days .
do you member do you wanna talk about Roman sleeping over ?
oh .
so where did you sleep ?
you did but you're not a guest .
you love that bed though how come you love that bed so much ?
really how come you think you like it ?
oh , it has butterflies and moons on it okay .
then where did Roman sleep ?
and Roman kind of wanted to sleep in the guest bed , he says I'm the guest .
and then we tried to convince him he really wasn't a guest , we said he was just a friend but he thought he was really the guest so he should have slept in that other bed right ?
and then something kind of happened when it was time to leave that was kind of sad do you remember something that he borrowed ?
what's the story about that ?
she did ?
oh to borrow it .
yeah I just kind of Roman asked for it when Matty wasn't home cause he was at the dentist so I said he could take it and borrow it right ?
when's he gonna bring it back ?
yeah , probably S Thursday at gymnastics you'll get it back right ?
but that was hard for you wasn't it you really wanted your Jumangi tape but I thought he really liked it a lot , so .
you actually have the movie don't you oh not yet .
you don't have the movie yet ?
what's happening with that movie ?
he got it off his computer so when's it gonna come I wonder maybe today it might even be there when we get home .
Jumangi .
well we ordered it and it's sposta come in the mail so it will come in the mail .
yeah .
moving on to the next thing .
watch out for the cord good idea .
so we've been playing this kind of fun game at home that's called the magic dice game .
so you're gonna want him on your team ?
and I gotta be on my own team ?
when's the idea in terms of playing next what would you like to do with that ?
oh , so the next time after that then you and I get to be together ?
well when are we going to play , are we going to play next week or ?
here , I don't want this to be kind of scraping because it's loud so .
today we are playing this game today ?
oh before daddy hasta do to church .
yeah .
oh this is an interesting thing that she probably does not know about .
oh Matty please do not burp into the tape .
what would you say if you burped ?
do we gonna have any more burps ?
I see , maybe we should put it away .
alright , no more burps , next time you burp then we'll put it away okay ?
I was gonna say that Helga doesn't know the story about when you went to church and you got ?
tell her about that .
you got what ?
the blessings .
the blessings .
what are those called that they put on your forehead ?
oh ashes .
oh I don't want you to choke on that .
so yeah they were ashes and they put them on his head and then they said a blessing and then why do they even put ashes on your head what is it remind us of ?
&-um .
you've got some on your nose I know .
wait a minute now think a second what why do we what do we even have this for what's this mean ?
yes that's right so that's to remind us of that right yeah .
yeah .
hey Matty I love you too .
so you did something kinda funny after member daddy went to go see a movie on Sunday and he was at what Jenny and Erica came over and daddy was kind of sad about the movie and then what did you do ?
oh remember what I mentioned .
oh we'll put it away till we get home we don't want burps on the whole tape .
okay so what was it that you did that was super funny with your bed ?
with all his animals he almost covered us up entirely .
wow , you have a_lot_of animals .
he really does actually he has a big big bunny that's just like almost as big as him right ?
which is your favorite animal would you say ?
that is your favorite one now ?
how_about , what else do you like ?
you gonna tell doctor Weist what you're doing right now or do you think he would not want you to do it ?
yeah he might think that is funny .
well you've got your tummy right there .
I see it , I was actually thinking that I could see that he had cheese sandwich .
oh_my_goodness .
I can't ?
well you just had it today for lunch .
where is the cheese sandwich ?
yeah it's probably got all broken up into tiny tiny pieces by now .
a long time ago at lunchtime right ?
yeah .
you know I don't think doctor Weist knows about the math class you're in what would you say about the math class what do you do guys do ?
oh_my_goodness , really ?
that's what you do you and Brian and Brianna and Zoe and whoever else is there ?
well wasn't there another little group with two girls in your class ?
two ladies and one boy ?
I'm not sure about that .
okay .
oh .
I see so you mean that from the college comes two ladies and a man ?
oh , okay okay okay , come on up here .
so Cameron works with two ladies .
oh .
and Brian ?
and Cameron is all by him self .
oh .
oh so it's Cameron and Zoe with one lady and you and Brian with the other lady .
&-uhh I understand .
now , when you're done do you guys .
a hole in your head ?
you almost got a hole the other day .
in your head .
member when you fell down the stairs ?
you didn't well that's good I thought you might .
thankfully you didn't .
still .
you just ripped your foot that was a real thing that happened .
well let's see it let's see how it's coming along here let's see it .
yeah see .
the socks are stuck on ?
see , he did hurt his foot .
ouch .
yeah we set the remember we said we ran out_of band aids we gotta get some on the way home .
so what is up with this how did that happen ?
oh no , is it bleeding ?
it stopped ?
yeah , it doesn't look good we needta put some like kind of ah medicine stuff on it and then we needta needta also you know &-um put a band aid on it .
I am just very surprised because there's nothing wrong with this foot .
so what's going on with this foot ?
what , we are going to think it's going to be too stinky .
you know what they say ?
looking good pal .
I think they look good when they're on .
really are your feet like so hot ?
this one is kind of hot actually .
okay we will put this one on , sorry Helga .
what do you think he is going to say back ?
what do you think doctor Weist is going to say about all this ?
&-uh , stinky .
&-uh , do you think that's what he's going to say doctor Weist ?
like if this is a phone and he's talking ?
I don't think your feet are really that stinky .
don't do that please those are germy don't do that they've got germs on them .
your parts that are scraped .
now you have a germy tongue .
smell your tongue you're so funny don't oh yeah yeah stinky okay that's enough .
let's find something else we can talk about that we have .
that is that is new information .
did you wanna play a game in here quick ?
okay .
you're what ?
oh you wanna color ?
okay let's see here Boo she's going to get the coloring stuff we'll continue our interview .
we're gonna what ?
what guy ?
oh you're gonna draw the president's house ?
the one who we what ?
with the wood cabin oh the wooden .
oh the wood cabin the log cabin Abraham Lincoln you're gonna draw his house ?
I see .
yeah cause I guess cause wood is brown right wood is probably brown ?
you wanna do it just like it was in the art class okay .
so did you draw ?
yeah you were mentioning brown do you see any ?
yeah that's a pretty good color for this .
is it hold on it looks very is it sparkly ?
I wish you could see the picture he made today of the pizza parlor it was very cool .
oh yeah .
oh yeah it was wh what was it about what was in the pizza parlor picture ?
and some fans and wheels .
and you know do you make the pizza's are they cooked inside the parlor ?
no .
you hafta do what ?
I see , you can just drives around and sells the pizza but you hafta cook it at your house .
it's a really interesting picture .
so tell me about this picture you're making .
you wanna sit here want me to move ?
okay .
what are these things ?
&-uh hum .
and these are more logs right .
does he get to go inside the picture the president guy ?
yes .
hum .
white .
I think I'll go and sit in my own chair cause I am falling off this one .
what's this part ?
oh so he can look outside of his house .
&-uh hm .
that's a good idea .
yeah I think that's the color you've been using yeah .
you're gonna use yellow for the guy .
I think when we saw you last it was right after Presidents' day wasn't it ?
&-um hm .
and he had made member Matty pictures of president Bush and president Lincoln or something ?
Washington maybe it was George Washington you made .
that was what ?
you made the one that thought wars were good you mean Bush our president now that was the one that thought wars were good .
I thought you were talking about Lincoln .
yeah and Lincoln he tried to he wasn't that excited about wars but there was a war when he was the president but he was the one member Lincoln who said no slave states .
no slave territories .
right .
so this is gonna be a great picture .
you know after we go home today after we gotta go find daddy and we gotta go vote for trying to get a new president .
you think that's a good idea where we can get a new one ?
yeah .
you're not old enough to vote but you can come with us .
you hafta be eighteen .
how old are you ?
yeah not quite yet .
so what do you think if I gonna say should I vote for John Kerry or John Edwards ?
you think I should vote for John Edwards ?
how come ?
does it sound like a better name ?
John Edwards .
okay he's a younger man he's actually not that much older than me and daddy really .
oh there's the guy there's Lincoln in there in his house cool .
oh what's this part of it ?
oh .
&-um hm you've got the color that's usually there .
so alright so Edwards okay .
so hopefully when we get a new president then there won't be a war anymore hopefully we'll see .
that's the nose .
now when we go home you wanted to see if your gummie thing is done right ?
yeah .
how do you even make those gummy things anyway ?
you just stick red stuff in there and they become red ?
what becomes red ?
and then what do you with it how does it become different shapes ?
&-um hm .
the little plate thing and it come out into different shapes .
but what happens if they don't come out if they are just stuck in the container .
oh so if it is not done today we'll just wait until tomorrow .
okay that sounds not too bad .
little they're little gummy things so I see so you chose the color to make it red ?
I see that was the only thing left .
so what if there was a dinosaur that came to Abraham Lincoln's house .
then why'd you a dinosaur there ?
sure .
he would probably what ?
devoid them ?
so you made this his house when he was the president so what if the dinosaurs come you'd say do you think he would avoid them or do you think he would destroy them ?
avoid them right .
now what would the president say you are not welcome here go back to your planet ?
did the dinosaurs get in I thought is the president oh_my_goodness what is the dinosaur doing ?
it ate the whole log cabin house .
Abraham Lincoln .
wow what kind of a face would he have now that his whole house got eaten ?
do you know how to even draw a sad face ?
wow oops I think we'll hafta put em back in after you're done drawing okay ?
that's a nose right ?
well let's see I think a happy face goes like this right so a sad face just faces the other way .
that's a sad face you start at the bottom like a rainbow you know kind of like drawing a rainbow .
&-uh that's a good sad face .
ah I'm so sad a dinosaur ate my house .
what's that part ?
oh you are just putting your name in it .
m a t t .
and then we got some legs .
and a big foot .
anything else he's missing ?
what ?
yeah I think arms .
okay .
okay for Abraham Lincoln should I put his name on the top ?
should I put Abraham Lincoln say .
ate house ?
well that's the other side would be the ate house .
ate house we would actually say eaten house .
yeah eaten house .
eaten .
we would say we have eaten the house .
oh really ?
what if it was made out_of candy ?
what if it was made out_of candy then we would eat it .
Abraham Lincoln's eaten house okay .
hum , what did you draw it ?
like all on your own mouth I see sad .
are you feeling so sad ?
infinity ?
you wish you could have infinity what ?
infinity pieces of candy .
what would happen if you had that much candy do you think ?
yeah you would get a stomach ache .
make you eat , and the dinosaur .
so I have a funny idea .
we're almost done but I was thinking about we've been reading a_lot_of those Jenny B Jones books you know how you are going to have your party like that ?
do you wanna tell doctor Weist the story quick about Jenny B Jones when she has the slumber party ?
no .
what's the other one we read recently ?
Big Fat Mouse .
I don't really remember what happens in that one .
oh yeah yeah yeah that's when she wants to do to ce for for career day she wants to be a certain thing .
yeah do you remember that ?
yeah .
I don't want you to fall .
