nobody erased it . 

do you remember what it says ?
huh ?
right remember what the picture is of ?
it says this is a wire Matty .
cool .
yep and nobody did did they ?
ah sure .
you wanna do em but be real careful don't drop em on the floor okay we don't want em to break .
is it going ?
yeah that one is but this one not .
oh these are cool look at the paper that Helga brought isn't that cool ?
I wonder where that where'd that blue paper come from ?
it came from the closet over there .
it's cool .
what's on the other side oop blank .
it's not blue it's blank .
I think somebody had a project they were doing and these are the leftovers .
pretty cool .
so what were we doing this afternoon before we came ?
watching tv , what did you watch ?
&-uh hm what was mommy doing ?
mommy was taking a nap yeah .
so I was thinking we should tell we haven't seen Helga in a couple weeks she doesn't know the different places that we've been since we saw her .
we went to ?
Niagara Falls .
what'd we do at Niagara_Falls ?
yeah yeah we walked around and looked at stuff that's true .
well you got something there that you liked very much and member we kept consulting you what'd you pick up there that you kept looking at ?
well how'd we know where we were going ?
so what was it ?
&-um hm .
wow .
whole Niagara Falls yep so we saw one part and then we walked and then we went all over it .
&-um hm .
we also did something else we never did before do you remember where we climbed ?
hum we climbed to the tower remember how we kind of climbed up to the higher part kind of like an observation tower and we saw over the falls ?
&-um hm .
oh that's the one you were talking about yeah .
so we did that and then the weekend before which was right after we saw Helga the last time we went to Pittsburgh .
and what'd you do there ?
did you swim ?
tell her about the big cool swimming pool .
oh cool .
&-um hm and you'd end up outside .
&-uh hm .
it was very interesting so we went swimming and then what else did we see the next day ?
dinosaurs yep at the dinosaur museum .
there was some kind of interesting part about by where they had the dinosaurs what'd you get to do ?
did you dig or you totally don't remember ?
they had a site where you could dig for dinosaur bones but only kids were allowed right ?
and what kind of tools did you need in_order_to dig ?
your hands ?
no .
one was like a little chisel and then .
and then what'd you do ?
that was really very cool .
and then that part was cool and then try to think about what else was interesting about that dinosaur museum do you member anything else that was kind of cool in there ?
did they have tiny tiny dinosaurs .
giant dinosaurs .
they were they had a close relative of like a Brachiosaurus remember how long that was and member how we counted it out ?
yes .
what else was the coolest coolest dinosaur there ?
where there any meat eaters ?
didn't they have a tyran ?
Tyranasauraus_Rex yeah that was very very cool .
see it seems like almost a long time ago since we went that was only about a week or two ago but I don't remember our trip very well either hum .
well that doesn't show up now does it .
so what else have we been doing ?
oh maybe we should her what happened to daddy and how you hadta help daddy ?
&-um hm .
you helped him put his socks on ?
no ?
how did you help him when he got home from work ?
&-um hm .
&-um hm he and his daddy just laid down from the people you know he didn't expect his daddy to play like games with him or anything right you guys just laid on the couch .
yeah and how did we set up the couch so it would be very comfortable ?
&-um hm we set up the pillows and the hot &-um heating pad right ?
you know what I think he's feeling better today .
what were you thinking when you were just downstairs with him now ?
&-um hm yeah he seemed to be doing better .
so I didn't get to hear much about the musical today at school .
what was it for ?
oh can't really say all of them cause there's a bunch ?
member Sarah thought that she was gonna sposta sing in it ?
she wasn't right ?
maybe Sarah has older brothers and sisters that are gonna be in it an she got confused or something you know I don't know .
oh so he wasn't in the play right ?
oh that's so funny .
so I'm trying to think of what else we did ?
oh you and your dad went to the land on Saturday oh_my_goodness .
doctor Weist would love to hear about what you did on the land .
you don't remember much ?
it's just so funny you can't even say it okay well ah I'll just give a hint it hasta do with the word mud .
you do remember it .
okay well I was at work grading a paper so I do not know but it seems to me that he and Jason had a giant mud fight .
oh my what's up with him he looks really weird hum .
so they ey came home and weren't you full of mud ?
daddy said he couldn't even see your clothes you had so much mud on you .
you're almost done , you just hafta color that .
so .
we have a bunch of plans actually for coming up this weekend whose birthday party is you is it on Saturday ?
yeah and what do we know about his party ?
well its gonna be a
where's it gonna be ?
let's talk about that .
no actually it's it's at the it's at the just my imagination workshop remember ?
that's weird Helga what happened ?
I dunno it's still going .
it's like it stopped .
yeah I know hum .
it's still going .
okay you wanna check it just push stop or something .
yeah I could do it .
well just cause you don't wanna do it if it is not recording or something .
oh I sound so young I hate my voice on tape haha .
you'd rather sound old ?
yeah .
is it still going now okay .
so Matty what happened over there ?
you dropped it on that button and then all the money came out okay well thank you picking it up thank you very much .
so anyway Max is sposta have an army party .
but I am not sure that Matty should go .
but what hap what might you get as a present ?
well maybe ah maybe we should just give it to a different kid .
no .
I dunno why he likes the army stuff though .
I saw him wearing a little army outfit again today .
I wondered if maybe his dad useta be in the army sometimes if you had your dad or something in the army or your mom then you don't think army stuff is bad I dunno .
well yeah it's bad if people die right I think then it's bad .
you're alright .
so anyway then actually you know you might be very surprised to hear this but next week actually for two weeks what's gonna be different about Matty ?
instead of going to N C C as in every day what is Matty gonna to be doing ?
for two weeks .
well do you have school ?
two weeks .
that's a long time .
&-um hm it's gonna be hard to get him to go back I think afterwards .
cause you're going to be so useta being home .
cause you know who's coming to visit the second week .
&-uh hm .
do you want something in that cabinet ?
okay .
what would you like to do ?
let's see if there's something interesting in there .
hum you want these ?
do you wanna play dinosaur game where we buy the dinosaurs ?
you love that game ?
you can take it .
oh sure put it by our stuff .
are those wires too ?
I don't wan em in the house then Boo .
&-uh scary .
okay so you're gonna be the person who sells them ?
actually you are you're the dinosaur seller ?
okay hum knock knock .
this is where your store is .
hi I I'm I've heard that you sell dinosaurs is that true ?
okay .
ah .
oh I see , so you do have quite a selection but which one would you recommend which one would be the best pet ?
is it a plant eater or a meat eater ?
hum he does seem kind of nice .
does he eat a little food or a_lot_of food ?
do you sell food ?
you do okay .
oh okay so he eats all that food .
okay .
how much does he cost ?
six dollars .
&-um .
oh he has a paci ?
alright why does he need a paci ?
oh okay .
&-um I haven't decided yet if I'm gonna buy him .
okay so where what kind of thing does he sleep in ?
I might needta buy another bed .
can he sleep with me ?
I could put him in a sleeping bag .
alright well how bout this will this work as a bed for him ?
okay .
okay .
alright I'll take this the paci the dinosaur the bed and all this food and I am sure it's gonna cost more than six dollars right ?
no .
if I pay six dollars I get all this ?
okay .
did you needta ring up the paci too ?
okay thank you very much .
I'll call you if I have any problems .
okay but let's see I I'll I'll start out with a call okay ready ?
okay ring ring ring .
hello .
hey is this the place where I bought that dinosaur ?
well I was wondering he seems very lonely can I can I would you recommend a friend for him ?
alright cause I mean he's ok he seems kind of happy here but I think he is a little lonely .
oh thank you .
what's his name ?
he's a triceratops okay great .
ring ring ring .
hello .
is this the dinosaur store ?
I think I needta return them .
well I I couldn't sleep at all last night they just kept growling at me .
what would you recommend ?
well won't it just be louder because now there'll be three dinosaurs ?
how come it won't be louder ?
alright then bring me another one please thank you .
oh wow okay so this Brachiosaurus is going to keep them quiet ?
alright I'll check it out .
shh shh shh .
okay .
ring ring ring .
hi sorry to bother you again the dinosaurs are working out pretty good they seem to be getting along and you were right that the other one keeps them quiet .
but I'm having some other troubles now .
well you never told me how to get them to use a toilet .
they pee in what ?
old bottle cans .
I don't have any of those .
keep what ?
oh you just put em you just have em pee in the old containers ?
and then what'd I do with their food ?
I see .
but will they know to use the toilet and will they know to use the bottles and the containers and all that ?
a litter box .
alright thank you very much .
okay let's say it's like two weeks later .
I call you up .
hello hello .
are you the one who sold me those dinosaurs ?
I can't deal with them anymore .
my house is a mess I ran out_of food and they just started eating everything in my whole house .
no no no I can't use any more .
take em back .
take em back no no no take em I can't take more you've gotta take em back .
ring ring ring hello .
I thought you were going to take the three dinosaurs but now you left me a new one and now I have four .
well it's sort of a problem cause you know how I told you my house was messy before ?
but now it's worse cause he's a meat eater and he keeps chasing the other ones .
can you please come back ?
thank you .
yes why don't you take them all here .
they gotta stay here ?
ring ring ring .
hello .
I have a new idea .
I just feel like that they wanna be free .
I'm gonna just let em live outside okay .
okay goodbye .
we're free we're free .
don't you think they should live outside instead of in the house .
alright .
don't you know of like a zoo or anywhere where I could keep em cause I guess I don't really want them to be hit by a car or anything .
is that your new paci now ?
you're a baby ?
yeah .
this is your favorite zoo ?
this looks good see look at all the green see they have plenty of places to live and hang out this looks like a better place it's actually looks like the Great Valley .
is it the Great Valley ?
no .
wait take that out_of you mouth honey okay go ahead .
remember what ?
oh yeah we were playing or something right .
you always put the baby inside in here .
I remember that .
please hold Momma Momma .
is there another baby underneath ?
oh good question let's see if there's a baby in the lower container too .
no .
just just nothing .
this too just until the baby starts eating right ?
stack it along .
wow .
how is the baby gonna get out ?
oh it's gotta wait to wait its gotta wait to grow up in_order_to get out .
oh .
&-um I don't know what to tell you Matty this doesn't seem like it is going to be too stable .
don't forget your paci .
oh my gosh !
what is this thing sposta be you think ?
what's this part of the bathtub ?
ah you're totally right .
they're ready oh .
?
I've been thinking about you didn't tell me about how kids did at school today did anybody end up with a yellow stick ?
ah you ?
oh okay what happened ?
Brian of computer A what did he do ?
how do you know you weren't even there ?
oh you overheard her talking to misses Bonny about what happened .
she was talking about punching ?
hey Matty you know what ?
can you come back here please .
cause we can't hear it it's a lot it's too loud on the floor .
thank you .
that's going pretty fast .
so that's what happened to Brian did anything else happen to any other kids at school ?
no the other kids had a good day .
&-uh hum .
there was one time that Matty got a yellow stick .
you were running around I thought it's cause you were wrestling ?
that was yesterday .
no when was that ?
like a long time ago right ?
like maybe September or October or something like that .
he always did a good job at school .
you know what oh I know something you did that you did not tell her about that we never di that you went to play you played with Casey the other day remember when you went to Casey's house .
what ?
why do you keep dropping everything down there ?
you hafta put em all back in you know .
I'll help you but let's talk about Casey like what'd you do with Casey that you were so excited about and you didn't want it to end ?
you drove around and were you driving in each other's cars ?
so what kind of car does he have ?
a jeep .
you just had a regular car .
oh wait don't pick that that right ?
why are you playing ?
okay .
can we open this that would be nice ?
otherwise we just hafta find .
oh there should be one around .
yeah we are making a mess we don't usually do that right ?
no so_that should make us .
this is not a house but building your own when you have your own family .
this is nice and comfortable over there .
yeah .
that's what I was thinking where's your wife gonna go or where's your kids gonna go ?
oh the bed where you can sit ?
the bed's too big .
