what are you making ? 

ahhah so_that looks like this is the roof right ?
well I'm trying to think what was the last time we saw Helga it was just before oh I think it was just before Easter right ?
do you wanna tell her some of the different things you've been doing ?
I don't know what you've been doing oh_my_goodness how_about I'll give you a hint aquarium .
what'd you say about going to the aquarium ?
what'd you say about going to the aquarium ?
wow did you go swim with them ?
what were they doin ?
hum what were the great whites doing ?
swimming .
what else did you and daddy do while you were there ?
you got something that you kind of like ?
at the aquarium ?
you remember ?
teeth were they real ?
how how'd you get that ?
oh you didn't take it out_of his mouth ?
that would be scary .
so yep they have em and where they recent ones or were they from long time ago you think ?
&-um hm they were fossilized so they seemed to be alright .
ah so then what did you like during the time when grandma and grandpa were here ?
you forget ?
well remember this is when I was on my trip right ?
one day you told me about driving .
driving from where to where &-um I don't know you told me you drove the whole day all day long .
you like the marker ?
so maybe we should talk about something cause you are not really remembering those days how bout won't you tell her about the new game we've been playing it's a super fun game at our house .
hum ?
watch this ah is it going through ?
you know that's actually not so good for the marker .
cause it can mush the tops see and it might not work anymore .
you think it will still work hopefully .
so .
you made three ?
orange .
I can't believe you're not going to tell her about the very cool game we've been playing at home the one you did not wanna stop playing that you wanted to play when we get home tonight .
I hafta pretend to cook him so how do we play it what'd you need in_order_to play the game ?
okay and ?
yeah and what else ?
what did I just what did I pretend to sprinkle on you ?
onions .
okay so what kinds of things did I pretend to cook you up to be ?
you forget really ?
yeah .
look how big of a dog that is yeah that is a big one .
it's yellow I think .
and this is yellow but it kind of looks orangie in the middle doesn't it ?
interesting .
now that's definitely yellow .
so what did we what's our plan with this she is probably wondering why we brought this ?
to get a snack okay .
is there money in there ?
that's a_lot_of money in there are you gonna buy the whole machine ?
it looks like looks like something .
you recognized it .
yeah .
the silly purse .
actually Matty do you remember what was in this when we bought it ?
a deck of cards .
you remember .
oh wow there's quite a_lot_of money in here .
wow .
this one's not going to be very helpful for the machine though .
how come ?
it's Canadian .
I know there were only three did it go under the table you think ?
well at some point .
&-um , well you know you were telling me yesterday about some of the things with the magic show maybe Helga would like to hear about the magic show you set up .
can I put that one in hum ?
wow .
a bunch of toilet paper came out_of his mouth that was very interesting .
it came out the color whichever colors you threw ?
and then what happened ?
see that is interesting .
what_about the animals you said something interesting with animals too ?
do you remember ?
well I think it was something like there was a lion and it turned into a snake .
okay .
a bird turned into a ferret .
I know a bird turned into a ferret isn't that what you just said ?
yeah I don't know how that could happen hm .
so_that was interesting thing that happened , he didn't go to school though for two weeks .
wow that's a_lot_of them .
the first week was kind of interesting cause I was at work daddy was at work and who watched you_all week ?
what'd you actually do with Lisa ?
I know one thing you did .
went to the picnic .
picnic in the living room how'd you have picnic in the living room ?
invite some of your animal friends to come .
yeah I know those are kind of a wet markers aren't they ?
that's why you're only using one at a time because it'd be a huge , huge mess .
wow .
you know we had kind of a weird this weekend cause we kept trying to do different things remember Matty and like everything kept getting changed like member first we were going to go to Splash Lagoon but what happened ?
right so we couldn't go to Splash Lagoon there was no room and then we were gonna go to this children's festival thing but then what happened ?
do you remember when we went ?
&-um hm it was already over by the time we got there .
oh my that's quite a splattering .
&-uh hum .
so we didn't get to go to that what did we end up doing ?
hm remember Roman Roman ?
let's see oh my gosh that's a total splattering I think you're doing this kind of full of marker though .
yeah cause look at it's flying everywhere it's getting all over the table it's getting it on me you're getting it on Helga .
let's not splatter them quite so much now okay .
yeah not so hard .
yeah that would be the way not to do it .
okay .
what happens when I say not to do something and if you do do it what happens ?
time out or ?
bed early so let's not splatter anymore okay .
it totally looks like paint .
well you know the same stuff that's in markers is just basically paint right ?
it looks like you're painting your hands pretty well .
so I'm trying to think of what else .
look at it's so many .
only three three big splatters .
and then some other stuff too this is like a little kind of a little splatter one .
this is a little splatter one .
I don't want you to do them .
so maybe you could talk about what you got for Easter you got a_lot_of presents for Easter I am very .
oh yeah you did that's Helga's .
so what'd you get for Easter hum ?
oh you're splattering &-uh oh .
please don't do that I already asked you not to do that .
I think we're going to hafta have a rescheduling we're going to needta come back a different day .
cause you're not following the rules .
okay we're going to come back and we'll do this next week .
now we will hafta go home and go to bed early cause you were not listening when I told you not to do that .
what do we usually do when we're in here ?
hm well the markers are not working out so well though you're having a hard time listening with the markers .
you'll try crayons ?
okay .
crayons are better cause they can't splatter like markers .
okay so maybe you know I also didn't really like it when you threw the markers all over the table how do you think we can deal with the markers now ?
okay and then ?
you had a better idea in terms of crayons right ?
okay so we'll put these away can you please get them from the table ?
I said we're gonna talk about it when we leave here .
okay please give these to her .
thank you .
I wonder if Helga noticed your new shoes .
do you wanna describe them to doctor Weist cause he will can never see them so what would you talk about your shoes ?
you don't know .
no I feel like if you are going to be here , you needta try to do a good job and talk like you always do about the same things .
otherwise we might as well just go .
you do ?
do you wanna try to come back next week and we will do it again ?
I think that would be better okay .
okay .
