member that day and I was angry cause it was like splashing everywhere . 

oh yeah I remember that .
it's been quite some time since we've been here huh ?
do you wanna play the selling game or do you wanna .
the dinosaur selling game for old times sake .
that useta be your favorite game let's see if I can find the dinosaurs hm oh here's some .
we still can play our very favorite game .
okay .
yes .
well I'm not sure which one would you recommend ?
you would suggest brontosaurus why would you suggest that one ?
&-um okay well do you sell plants ?
I don't have here hold on I don't have that many plants at my house .
this has plants in it ?
okay are those like seeds to grow plants ?
that would be helpful .
okay well how much does he cost ?
okay .
you've got a deal .
no you want real money huh ?
yeah .
oh you want me to get some real money from my purse pay you .
but don't eat it .
no .
no .
where were we just before we came here ?
where did we get this money ?
from the machine in the ?
yeah we just were at the library we hadta make some copies .
okay here's some money you play with but don't eat it and don't keep it .
oh it's actually more than a dollar this is .
you're gonna keep it all ?
well I suppose since I'm buying some plants too .
okay thank you very much .
I'll call you if there's any problems okay ?
did you ring em up ?
did you ring it up ?
how bout how bout the food thing ?
okay thank you .
alright so this is my house .
I know but that's kind of far away from the thing so I'm going to stay right here .
that looks like a microphone hey like this that's when they're like could you please tell my how much this spaghetti sauce costs in isle five ?
that's what they use those little microphones for to call people at up front of the store .
okay ring ring ring .
I have a problem .
well my problem is that &-um you gave me just seeds you know ?
and my brontosaurus is hungry right now .
you mean there's sposta be seeds and plants in here ?
well there's just seeds .
well how long does it take em to grow ?
&-uh but he's hungry right now he is starting to roar .
one second oh okay okay I'll see how that works okay .
&-um how do I grow the seeds what'd I needta mix in the bowl .
just water okay .
should I grow em in my bathtub ?
okay alright thank you bye .
ring ring ring .
&-um my whole bathroom is full of trees now .
well they're growing out_of the bathtub now .
well you you said they'd grow and they grew in one second and they grew to the top of my of my whole bathroom my whole bathroom's full of trees now .
well I did I filled my bathtub up with those seeds .
oh okay .
a vase I should've got a vase huh ?
okay well is there anyway to get to kill the trees and I can start over again ?
oh okay good idea I'll come back and get some more seeds and I'll start over again okay bye .
okay .
I gotta pay for more seeds but it was your idea to put em in the bathtub .
oh I see we had a misunderstanding I was just sposta get water out_of the bathtub .
okay here's some more money if I can have some more seeds please .
okay alright we'll see how this goes okay ?
now let's just say I filled up my whole backyard with these trees .
oh yum can I I'll call you again .
hello .
this is working great now .
great I just have a little wonder of a thing I'm wondering about .
well I'm wondering about where he sleeps .
he does ?
does he get cold at night ?
he just lays outside .
I don't need any giant blankets ?
okay alright .
&-um let's see &-um he's a little lonely .
you got another brontosaurus for him ?
and they'll be friends .
okay thanks .
what ?
dinosaurs two they're getting ?
oh okay okay so you're announcing it to the store .
ah &-um is is this the one should I buy him ?
oh that wouldn't be so good with my brontosaurus .
okay I don't have any more money though I gave you_all my money .
ah cool alright I'll pay you then .
one dollar is actually four quarters here's a dollar .
okay anything I needta know that's important about him in_order_to take care of him ?
nothing in particular where does he sleep ?
really nothing I needta worry about ?
you sure ?
can't they get anything ?
alright thank you .
&-um hm .
you wanna keep at least one or two of those quarters .
what're you going to buy with them ?
just keep em ?
you just wanna keep em in_case you need money later ?
one or two we'll talk about it after we leave .
okay .
you are you pestering me ?
didn't I say we can talk about it when we leave ?
okay let me have two back .
you want me to keep em all in there for the game ?
okay alright .
so I was thinking maybe we could do something else besides besides this game cause I wanted you to be able to tell Helga about your birthday and graduation and all these things so which one do you wanna start with birthday ?
okay tell her about your birthday .
well his birthday .
after the game oh but we won't have time .
just gotta I just gotta just buy this last one .
okay and then we'll talk about your birthday ?
two more quarters I gotta pay you more ?
all the money okay ?
alright we'll play this for just a few more minutes and then .
oh_my_goodness you mean you're keeping that ?
you don't have any pockets though right ?
oh okay we'll see about that okay alright .
so here are the triceratops home .
and now they're meeting each_other .
they seem like they're getting along pretty well .
hi my name is Joe my name is Joe too .
they're both named Joe .
I can't believe it amazing okay .
yes except last night they kept me up .
I don't know why I thought they were happy with the trees .
with having &-um you know a nice place to sleep .
but they were so loud .
the neighbors complained .
what would you recommend ?
you thought that what ?
so why were they loud ?
oh so maybe I should get a different kind of pet .
really well how do other people deal with the noise ?
they don't the noise doesn't bother them ?
oh do you think I should move maybe ?
no no take them with me and we'll move out to the country where there's no people living by us so we won't bother anybody .
okay .
do you sell houses ?
do you sell new houses ?
okay cause I think that would be good because my neighbors are really angry and they were just loud all night long .
but you're right that's just how dinosaurs are .
do you sell do you sell things to cover their mouths so they don't roar ?
okay okay so like this will this help ?
is that how I should do it and tie em on will that keep em quiet ?
hum that doesn't fit at all .
hum maybe we could can he go in will it help if his mouth is inside this ?
ah it seems hopeless I think I'm gonna hafta move to the country I think that's a better idea cause they're just gonna loud I think .
&-uh hm .
no you can't have all this money in fact I'm regretting that I let you use it cause now you keep thinking about it .
I'll tell you what you may have two quarters and I'll keep the rest okay ?
okay okay oh wait did you wanna tell Helga about your .
from our state I don't think our states are here .
this one's from Arkansas New Jersey .
they're all America .
Illinois South Carolina Georgia and New York you want the New York one it has the Statue of Liberty on it ?
okay wait how many'd you end up with ?
wait she can't hear you on the tape if you're over there honey .
how many did I say you could have ?
two okay so how many do you how many do needta give me back ?
no you may have one other one .
you may have one two or zero and I don't wanna hear about any more it's starting to make me feel like you're not doing a good job .
yes .
yes you can you can use all those here .
yes see all the quarters you can use here .
in this town yes .
okay thank you .
that sure rolled very far .
okay so I'll tell I'll give you choices do you wanna talk about your birthday party do you wanna talk about &-um your new the presents you got the real what do they call that ?
the video now players .
come here come and sit by me .
it's just that you're still deciding .
come on Mathew .
you know what ?
I really really wanna have you come and sit on my lap please come here come on .
okay .
so do you want me to tell her about the video player ?
no .
what ?
what ?
this is the last time we are ever gonna meet Helga for this study .
this is our last day okay .
you've always came in and talked about all the things you were doing .
okay .
or if you wanna talk about how bout what you're gonna do in the fall after summer time .
I'll tell her I'll catch her up with you because she hasn't really heard much about what's going on with you .
what're you being fussy about ?
you do ?
well today is our last time with her .
what're you gonna do when you get home ?
are you going to go clean your room .
no .
after the party ?
right after the party we're actually gonna go pick up Roman Roman's coming over for some time .
yeah after we're done here yes .
so we're going to pick up Roman and Roman is gonna come over and play with you for a while .
wow .
the quarter fell right out_of your eye .
do you know where it is ?
well Matty turned six the other day .
five how do we know ?
since it was your birthday .
okay alright I'll tell her the details of the party .
there was six children who came .
ten actually .
who came to your party ?
ten hundred .
wow .
infinity kids it felt like infinity kids at the house .
we played we played this game it was called &-um kick the can .
and then we played scrabble .
well why don't you tell her about all the cool games .
me okay .
we played we played pin .
pin the tail on the donkey .
now you know what she's from Iceland so she doesn't even probably know how to play pin the tail on the donkey can we tell her how to play the game ?
how do you gotta do it ?
is it a real pig ?
a real donkey ?
no .
oh okay .
what'd you gotta do ?
a real tail ?
yes and how do you know do you just walk right up and put it right on there that doesn't sound very hard ?
what makes it tricky ?
yeah .
cause you had no idea where it was right ?
so you stuck it on the wall .
that was cool .
you know she probably wonders what food you had for your party too .
oh you changed .
oh what had he said he was gonna have ?
Jenny B Jones or something like that .
oh Jenny B Jones party you had mentioned before .
oh yeah we had care bears party and a and then also so besides pin the tail on the donkey we did a treasure hunt .
&-uh hum .
and then one other game what was the other thing we did that was fun ?
she probably doesn't know about a pinata either what's what'd you do with a pinata ?
you hit what ?
what I can't even hear a word you're saying .
I can't even hear you why don't you speak out loud ?
why ?
it's hard to explain .
that you hit well it was a rainbow and that's cause it was care bears so it was rainbow shaped and then you used what ?
yeah and then what happens once you hit it and it falls ?
oh there's candy yummy .
did you eat it all ?
other people scrambled to get all the candy that they can and they put it in a little bag right ?
and who ended up with the most candy ?
yeah you kept just grabbing it and he ended up with a bunch of it so .
actually .
did you eat it all ?
no he thought that was gonna happen .
so he also gave some to some other children who couldn't come to the party on Saturday they come over to play Sunday he gave them some of his candy right Boo ?
wow wow wow now do you &-um on Tuesday we went to his graduation which was very cool you know you probably thought he was still in preschool but what Matty what's the truth now ?
you're in high school ?
in college ?
then what're you doing now ?
you're gonna go to school in the fall what kind of school ?
yes .
ah what grade are you gonna be in ?
no grade ?
kin .
yeah .
kindergarten yeah you'll be in kindergarten .
and he's not switching schools right Matty ?
he's still going to ?
catholic school it's different cause they're not allowed to wear just any old clothes any more .
what's gonna happen in the fall ?
you're gonna hafta wear a uniform which we have not bought yet .
ah ah they're so scary .
today's actually sort of interesting day .
is today .
oh .
yes so_that will be cool his first soccer practice he played last summer but now he's gonna play again .
Boo did that hurt your hand ?
oh my god .
so yes today's your start soccer and Thursday's the last day of what ?
what'd you usually do on Thursday afternoons with Roman ?
gym what ?
gymnastics but this one's going to be a special week because ?
yep teddy bear Olympics yes yes teddy bear Olympics .
why do you whisper Boo ?
why're you whispering she hasta hear it doctor Weist would like to hear it too .
okay so that's some of our exciting things coming up and then you had your birthday party and I'm trying to think of what else was interesting about your party .
you got some cool gifts for your birthday .
what are you doing ?
I thought you were so excited about your video player you explained it totally to doctor Weist in the hallway so and I don't think Helga's ever seen one it is actually very interesting it's the first time I saw it the video player .
what is that it's very cool ?
&-uh hum .
and what do you do with it ?
but what's interesting about it ?
little ones ?
they're like this big .
cute .
they're very tiny and .
now did that hurt your mouth too ?
okay let's not do that anymore cause it snapped my mouth .
&-um so the whole thing is like only like this big it's just a little tiny tiny video player .
excuse me that was gross .
okay so anyway where else &-um what else did you get for your birthday ?
yeah you chose it out but somebody gave it gave you money grandpa grandma grandma and grandpa Zevenburgen gave you a gift card and then you chose that out so you did get it for your birthday does that make sense ?
well they sent you the gift card for your birthday and then you chose it out so they really gave you that money actually .
so .
don't put it in your mouth .
money is very dirty .
what else did you get with your gift cards ?
how_about at the Boulders .
he's been reading a_lot_of books lately well he doesn't read em but he had we've been reading a_lot_of books to him right Boo ?
I know that looks scary right in my face ah ah .
that looks scary .
oh what were we doing at home that just reminded me of this sort of creature that does not quite have legs yet what're we ?
yeah .
well tell her about em where'd we get em ?
okay and then .
and that's all I needed to know .
they're gonna be cool .
&-um .
we have a_lot_of pets now cause how many pets do we have all together would you say ?
kay .
yeah .
yes .
yes .
well there's eight tadpoles so eight plus three eight nine ten .
we have eleven pets plus Matty of_course he's our biggest pet .
we had a snake .
didn't we for a couple of days since we saw Helga ?
you got a snake from the land again this spring .
just for about two or three days .
yeah we didn't keep it for long .
we had it for three days yeah that would have been pet number twelve that's a_lot_of pets .
this is like a pet too really he could be .
so we got some plans .
where are we going this summer in Florida ?
Splash Lagoon .
we're going all the way to Florida to go to Splash Lagoon ?
I don't think so what's in Florida that's very interesting for people to go visit ?
sure .
what were you doing ?
I am not really sure what that was oh_my_goodness .
wow wow wow .
hey do you wanna tell tell her about your graduation about when what you hadta say for it ?
did you forget your lines already ?
please be seated for our prayer and then what ?
and then did you guys say a prayer ?
right then you guys did a prayer ?
yeah you guys stood right we all we all sat down right ?
how come they didn't want us standing up ?
I don't think there's any money in there yet Boo .
oh a couple pennies right ?
and some quarters but .
ten hundred quarters .
could you please go get my bottle .
I would just like you to hand it to me .
thank you .
now it won't fall out_of my hands anymore right ?
okay .
alright so .
don't really like that I my nose okay .
who ever said you could .
