oh well it was orange but then look it came out a different color .
this was orange but now look it's .
it's blue yeah hey good colors .
another blue one yeah .
what's momma doin ?
takin it out .
trying to dig it out can you try to dig it out ?
you wanna dig it out ?
can you grab it ?
oh good whatcha doin ?
what is that ?
Play_Doh .
whatchoo going to do with the Play_Doh ?
grab it do you wanna tell Erin what you did at school today ?
Play_Doh what did you do today at school Matty ?
played toys oh .
played toys how_about what happened with the boy when he pushed you ?
can you talk about what happened ?
pushed him in the tent .
did you get hurt ?
did you ?
I wasn't sure did you say yes or no ?
yes .
how did you feel ?
feels like this Play_Doh is gettin a little bit old .
how_about if I try to get this one out_of here .
Boo grab it okay .
is that working ?
no .
keys what's the keys gonna do ?
dig it out .
no keys working the keys don't work to grab it ?
how_about if I try to dig it out with my fingers ?
look Erin's got a bunch of Play_Doh wow she did a great job with getting that out .
yeah give her that one .
what color's that ?
you know that color how_about mommy give you a hint &~pur .
purple yeah purple .
another big chunk .
yeah wow I shouldn't even bother trying to get these out .
this isn't working so well how_about Matty do you mind can I put this away ?
okay .
that one working is that one working ?
no .
cause they're too old I should probably throw them in the garbage .
should I throw these in the garbage ?
too old yeah .
well how_about if I just put them away for now and then maybe we'll put water on them later I think if you put water it works .
whatchu making there ?
oh whatchu doin with that hum whatchu doing with that ?
oh thank you what how_about what should I do with this ?
what am I what's it look like I'm making Matty ?
a little worm .
what's the worm do ?
what's he doin ?
how_about if I make him go like this what am I doing with the worm ?
rolling it yes rolling the worm .
do you think Scotty wants to eat the worm ?
what do you think Matty ?
no he doesn't eat the worm who eats worms do you know ?
Scotty no .
do you remember the baby bird book we read the other day ?
and then do you remember when the tractor picks him up and puts him back in his nest and his momma was gone because she went to get him a worm .
so birds eat worms .
birds eat worms yes .
tell Erin what did you do when you were getting your hair cut .
played toys .
they actually did have a_lot of toys there at the hair dresser place they had tons of them it was pretty cool .
well that's not too bad if you get to play .
yeah it was really good how did you sit how did you sit when she was cutting your hair ?
haircut yes .
you sat what I'm thinking of you sat so quietly he was such a good boy .
did you cry when you got your hair cut ?
he didn't cry he would never cry .
you know daddy can make great things out_of these .
Matty what does daddy usually make ?
are the colors getting mixed up there ?
this one's green yeah .
what can you make out_of the Play_Doh ?
hand yeah that's what I'll do .
what's momma doing with the Play_Doh Matty what's momma doin what do we call this ?
Boo make it too oh wow what'd you stick in there ?
keys oh look at this .
how_about if I use this one .
what did I just make ?
yeah you know what this is called ?
a square that's great .
a square good job what did you just do ?
what did you just do ?
there what did you do ?
square yes .
should we do another one what happens if you use that one what does that make ?
does that make a key you think ?
wow you made a big hole can I see Erin now ?
ah I see you can you see through ?
what're you looking at ?
oh my what did you do with that Play_Doh ?
look in look in .
was I tickling you with that Play_Doh ?
whatchu doing with that huh ?
mushing it .
you don't want it ?
here how_about if I use this part ?
so you gonna use the green one ?
how_about if I use this oh I'm so hungry .
would you like some ?
would you like some brownies ?
here I'll cut you some brownies .
here you go here's your brownie .
okay I'll make one for me too Erin would you like some brownies ?
oh yes please .
how does it taste ?
here you go .
thank you .
what did momma do with the brownies ?
cut it up .
just pretend right ?
yeah I don't wanna really eat that we just pretend cause that would be too yucky .
that's okay momma just put it back it just fell off here you go .
wow what's this do you know what they call this Matty hum ?
oh look at you that's good you're using the fork and the knife good job .
oh thank you now what is this ?
is it food ?
Matty what are you cutting ?
is that more brownies or did you make something else ?
looks like it could be tasty I don't know should I try it ?
am I going to like it ?
are you sure ?
oh thank you .
are you cutting one for yourself ?
oh this is so tasty it tastes like chocolate icecream chocolate icecream .
you know what it looks like Matty is sharing these .
oh you're such a good sharer .
did you share at school today Matty ?
Matty did you share at school today ?
no ?
remember when we went to school and you wanted to play with those big bricks and the boys would not share with you that was not very nice remember that when we first went to school today Matty ?
I think sharing is nice I will share this with you .
what's Erin making ?
huh a crab that would be nice actually what does that look like ?
what does that look like ?
hum ?
a worm .
it's a pretzel .
I think she's trying to make pretzels you know how we eat pretzels honey ?
it looks like a worm though .
what's momma doing with the stick ?
ripping it up ?
cut it up you want me to cut it up ?
oh good job .
hey what did Matty just do did you see that tell Erin what'd you just do ?
what'd you do ?
huh what'd you just do ?
what is that ?
cut ?
oh with that tool oh my gosh cut cut cut .
cut it up ?
oh look at these little baby ones .
do you like to cut do you ever cut at school Matty ?
what do you cut at school ?
paper .
that one big .
here's the key .
wow I think you're doin a good job of cutting .
hello Matty hello .
what's that look like ?
hum ?
lobster a lobster with a lobster claw that does look like lobster wow I didn't hear what you said but you're right that does look like a lobster .
what is momma always screaming ?
this one came off yeah it did .
are you going to put that back on ?
oh this looks like one of those flying Play_Doh's .
remember when we were playing with Elmo yesterday and Elmo was flying ?
oh you got some too ?
oh wow what is that ?
that looks like a Play_Doh sandwich are you making a sandwich ?
tell Erin what kind of sandwiches do you like to eat hum what kind of sandwich do you like ?
I was thinking you might like .
this sandwich okay .
oh I don't think that would taste very good .
I was thinking you might like what's the kind of sandwich you like that momma makes you ?
that one ?
too big oh that ones too big too what do you do when it's too big ?
cut it up .
well he likes turkey .
hey you know what we haven't seen Erin since our picnic tell Erin we went on a picnic where did we go on the picnic ?
hum ?
the lake we went to the lake for our picnic .
what did you do at the lake ?
hum what did you do at the lake do you remember ?
putting what ?
you were putting butter on it ?
are you putting butter on it it looks like you're putting butter on it .
hum ?
green butter yeah &-um tasty green butter .
do you go to the lake in Dunkirk ?
no we go to Lake Erie State Park .
yeah the lakes gotten better I don't know if you've noticed it was all dead fish but it's gotten better now .
Matty do you like the dead fish at the lake ?
Matty do you like the dead fish ?
did we see any dead fish on Saturday when we went to the picnic did we see dead fish honey ?
no there were no dead fish .
do you remember what we did when we were at the lake ?
Matty watch what do you like to do ?
what do you like to do at the lake Matty ?
what's momma doing what's momma showing you ?
throw rocks yes big rocks ?
oh like that huh is this like a rock ?
yeah do you throw big rocks or little rocks ?
Matty be careful you don't wanna hurt anyone throwing okay ?
at the lake it's good because you can throw rocks and noone will get hurt cause you throw them in the lake .
so you threw rocks what else did we do at the park do you remember ?
what'd you do at the playground ?
playground yes what do you do at the playground ?
are you kissin the Play_Doh ?
you were I saw you kissin the Play_Doh .
tell Erin what did you do at the playground do you remember ?
he went down the slide .
oh and you know what else he also brought something to the playground .
what did you bring to the playground that you put on the slide ?
Boo's blankie what did you do with the blanket on the slide ?
go down on it yep .
did it make you go fast ?
and then we also so then we had a picnic and we went on the playground we threw rocks in the lake .
did you go swimming ?
no wet ?
too wet ?
yes it was too wet out there we didn't wanna get so wet so we didn't go swimming it was also kind of cold not really cold but a little cold remember that Matty ?
dig it up ?
I wanna show Erin what happens in this one book .
this is a little baby bird and he said where's my momma and he's walking all over looking for his momma and then comes a tractor and it pushes him up in the air and takes him and then where does he put the baby bird ?
the nest and then his momma comes home do you remember the story can you show how you do the story can you do the story just like momma did ?
what's the baby what happens to the ?
baby bird where ?
he fell down yes .
new one you wanna make a new baby bird should momma make a green baby bird or a green one ?
green or purple I mean .
it looks like we're getting Play_Doh everywhere .
Momma make a new baby bird okay ?
cut it cut what ?
cut that ?
okay Momma use Momma make a new baby bird and then you wanna show how it goes up in the tractor .
you want Momma do it on the tractor ?
okay ready what's the baby bird in the new tractor doin ?
take him up and then where does he bring the baby bird ?
down in the nest that's right .
oh yeah that came off .
let's put this back on your shorts or your pants so it doesn't break .
do you know how to do it ?
yeah it just came off .
isn't that neat ?
that was remember that's why we used the baby purse last week .
you didn't want the baby purse today .
you wanna use the baby purse ?
is it too late to put it in there ?
let's put it in there .
would you like her to put it in the baby purse ?
okay you hafta hold very still do not move so she can put it on there .
Matty where's the baby purse go ?
where does it go Matty ?
under shorts okay .
on here around .
you wanna take it home no we can't take it home honey we're just borrowing it .
yeah I know it fit tighter .
now who's using the baby purse today ?
Matthew yes .
oh do you wanna show Erin let's show Erin in your room what we made last night .
we can pick this up later okay Momma grab you .
show Erin tell her about this can you tell her ?
what's this mean ?
tell her again .
is that a sticker or something .
yeah Boo go down and Momma go up .
this is when Matty is at school and what does Matty do at school ?
play toys and then Momma goes up the stairs and then what does Momma do up here ?
why would I go back downstairs ?
to get Booboo because it's time to go home , right ?
Boo wanna go home right and then what do we do at home maybe ?
play toys again yeah .
what else do we do sometimes when we're at home or where do we go where do we go for a little trip ?
hm where does Momma take you sometimes ?
you wanna show her that what is that ?
balloon yeah it's pretty sad right now isn't it ?
yeah balloon pop it's not looking real good right now is it ?
Matty you have a pretty cool room .
do you wanna show her some of your toys ?
no what ?
no it doesn't work anymore .
the balloon is kind of a .
kind of old yeah .
yeah that's right kind of old we call this kind of deflated .
no it doesn't fly real well .
Buddy are you wantin some supper ?
do you think Buddy's hungry ?
should I feed him ?
yes .
okay .
you wanna come help okay we can show Erin how we feed the pets .
kind of old yeah the balloon is kind of old .
Booboo's balloon old yep .
how_about you wanna show what do you do with the food ?
okay careful we don't want that to get messed up .
yeah Momma grab this okay .
now tell her what you do what do you do with the food ?
yeah you're a big helper .
got food ?
more yes please put some more in .
I think more would be good he's hungry .
you got more yes .
yep a little more .
what are you doing with those ?
ah .
one more one more big scoop .
yeah alright I think that's enough .
okay what did you just do with the dog ?
feed the dog .
now let's get something for the ?
now stay right there I'll get this one .
okay now this is for Scotty right ?
here why don't you scoop it out I'll get his dish for you .
we don't need quite that much why don't you dump back in ?
thank you a little more dump it back in okay that's good .
no just on the one side .
now who should I go do next ?
Sammy's now what do we needta do with Sammy's ?
why don't you go get Sammy's dish ?
okay Matty I'll get the other bag .
does everyone get different food ?
yeah everybody gets different food they do .
okay you wanna hold this please ?
thank you .
what are you lookin for more ?
okay .
you wanna dig it okay I'll pull the bag up make sure it doesn't scrape .
I'll pull it out and you can dig it okay .
okay here we go you gonna dig it out is that what you said ?
hm ?
dig it ?
sure you can put it in whichever side you want .
good job .
yeah you know what .
oh let's look at that what's in Sammy's food ?
what is that ?
you know what is that it's a bug .
it's a big bug I don't know .
I'll put it in the garbage .
I think that's enough food he doesn't need more honey .
that's gonna be a_lot .
well why don't we just go with that ?
let's put all the food away .
you wanna put the bug outside Momma actually I already put it in the garbage .
