do you wanna take this off ?
yeah poor sweetie .
now what should we do today ?
you wanna look at the pumpkin ?
we can talk about the pumpkin .
who gave you the pumpkin who gave that to you ?
did the neighbor give that to you ?
neighbor .
no the neighbor didn't make it .
is that going ?
no the neighbor didn't make it honey she bought it at the store .
is it nice what color are his eyes ?
blue what's his tongue doing ?
do you think is he sick or is he laughing ?
he's sick do you think he's throwing up ?
oh no poor pumpkin .
where should we put it ?
on this on the radio thing ?
okay here momma put this here .
let's figure out where you wanna put it .
does it go here ?
now can Buddy get it there or do you think it's okay there ?
do you wanna look at oh are you gonna show Erin what you got at the store .
show her that .
what is that ?
he's got funny hair .
what is that ?
do you know what it is ?
do you remember the name for it ?
troll .
I like the hair .
Matthew what ?
Matthew done .
let's talk a little longer can we tell Erin what you did the other night ?
this is what happened momma was sleeping and what did Matthew do with the troll ?
what tickle momma what ?
that's right you tickled momma and then what did momma think it was ?
a spider and remember momma said spider spider and I was scared .
did you scare your mom ?
I was sleeping and the troll was .
what did the troll do ?
and then I said ah ah is it a spider ?
and then it wasn't a spider it was the troll .
what did we do with the troll then ?
put him away .
cause what time was it ?
what were we sposta be doing instead of tickling momma ?
what were you sposta be doing instead hon what were you sposta be doing with your eyes ?
you were sposta be sleeping right ?
sposta sleeping yes sposta sleeping but instead you were tickling momma's face .
hey do you wanna look at some of the pictures ?
do you wanna take them with you ?
oh you know what Erin has also not seen these .
what are these up here ?
little pumpkin .
Matty what happened to the big pumpkin that was there ?
do you remember you showed me a pumpkin there ?
yeah do you remember what happened to that other pumpkin honey ?
it old it old what did we do with it ?
throw away yeah it was really old wasn't it getting mushed wasn't it getting mushy ?
yeah .
what's happening to his eye ?
what's happening to the little pumpkin's eye there ?
is it flaking off ?
yeah the paint comes off sometimes .
you gonna leave him right there is he going to look at pictures with us ?
&-uh momma try to push I can't do it .
can you open it ?
you can't do it oh momma try again .
should we do it together ?
should we count ?
go ahead count .
oh something fell .
what was on there momma check .
ah it's just this what's this ?
ah the remote okay ready let's try again .
wow look at all these pictures .
you wanna see the teddy bear one ?
do you know who's name is on the front here ?
Matt you know what this says what's this say ?
Matty good it says Matthew yep .
move him right there okay we'll put the pumpkin there .
who is that ?
Matthew and teddy bear baby Matthew .
yeah that doesn't open there it just goes like that .
sun and baby hey what's that little baby wearing ?
those are your little baby socks from when you were so small .
oh my what are you laying on there what's this ?
do you know what this is who's holding the balloon ?
elephant yep .
oh hey someone has a very very tiny hand who's tiny hand is that ?
who's big hand is that ?
daddy's yep .
good job oh look at you .
tiny tiny tiny yes you were .
who's that ?
Cody yep he's holding you he's holding the little baby Matthew .
look at that .
giraffe yes .
hey look at that that is the same hat you wore today .
can you believe it that's that same little puffin hat that you wore today to school ?
wore to school yep .
it's a dragon you're really close it's called a what's the other name it's a .
dinosaur you got it good job dinosaur !
there are a_lot of dinosaurs here dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur .
yep that broken dinosaur yep .
well when Heidi made this for you when she cut it off she cut it here right and then she only put half the dinosaur on these got cut off too .
see these guys got cut off too see there's just his butt and his tail .
where's his head ?
there's the dinosaur head yep .
oh what's this ?
bath yes .
yeah baby take it .
Santa bring that one ?
is Santa going to bring you a new one ?
you were gonna say that Santa is going to bring you a new big car .
okay so not a car ?
you're saying turning turning turning you want this one ?
we'll hafta talk to daddy and Santa too cause this is kind of something that little babies use .
it helps you learn how to walk .
do you know how to walk ?
you don't know how to walk you needta have that so you can learn how to walk ?
yeah do you need that so you can learn how to walk ?
do you know how to walk no not sure ?
do you know how to crawl ?
no baby .
should we turn the page ?
let's look at another thing .
oh my gosh there's Matthew when he's taking a bath .
and there dadda hold ya .
and here your in do you know what they call this what's this called that you're sitting in ?
it's a stroller .
stroller yep .
and there we're at grandma and grandpa's house .
hey hey get down look at what's gonna happen to you ?
fall down you could .
what's happened to momma's arm ?
wet yes you got me wet .
you also have something in your mouth here .
pacie tell Erin what happened to your pacie .
baby take Mathew's pacie because he got too big .
there's your car !
you like that car ?
want that car .
do you have that car where is it ?
where is that car sweetie ?
baby take it yeah but that's cause you gotta be so big .
oh this was Matthew's birthday .
look what you got on a little button and what does the button say for your birthday ?
how old were you ?
what's this many ?
that is Matthew when you were two that's his birthday .
ball yep Katie and Cody got you a ball .
do you remember who's on the ball ?
blue's clues yep .
they also gave you pail and shovel to play at the beach .
is this the end oh there's a little angel holding the flashlight .
wasn't this a nice book .
the end .
did you wanna look at another book or do something else ?
shut it now ?
you know what I just remembered what did you do today at school with the big ball ?
push the pins down with the ball .
what do you call that when you throw the ball and it hits the pins ?
bowl it and roll it yes .
yes bowling !
can't carry it ?
was it heavy ?
heavy too heavy .
could you pick it up like this or still too heavy ?
do you just roll it on the floor ?
did you throw it and catch it ?
no too heavy huh ?
do you wanna look at this one who's in this one ?
oh this is one that's just momma and her friends I'm not sure you wanna see this one .
do you remember what happened to this car ?
it was dadda's car do you remember what daddy did to that car ?
put it bad car ?
he did get a bigger car yeah .
what happened to this car was that daddy was driving down the road and it was icy and daddy drove off the road and then what happened to the car ?
big well it hit a big snowbank and it crashed and it broke .
no more car .
and then did we get a new car like this car ?
yeah then daddy got a new car .
hey where's momma laying ?
on the sand .
what's daddy doing there ?
walking yes .
oh let's see do you wanna tell Erin about this place what is this ?
that's a baby house .
did you live there ?
did you live there Matty ?
did you live there Matthew or did we just go visit ?
go visit the baby house .
we actually lived there when Matthew was very small but we moved after he was only three months old .
but sometimes we useta go and what did daddy do when we'd go visit that house ?
Mathew older yes .
what did daddy do with the grass when we'd go visit ?
what did daddy do with the grass ?
move it did you say move it ?
what did daddy do with the grass ?
daddy useta go to mow the grass .
big lawnmower and what would mommy and Mathew do when daddy was mowing the grass ?
go in the baby house yes .
and sometimes I would take you to the playground too .
remember we useta go down the slide .
what do you see ?
that was a net that we could play a game you know your little rackets you could hit the ball .
yeah with a racket we'd hit the ball over the net .
is it kind of stuck there no still stuck .
oh let's see now well these are pictures you don't know too much about because you were so small .
do you know what this is what's in this picture ?
sticks .
take it out the sticks ?
take it out you wanna look at the picture ?
what's the sticks in what's this white stuff ?
what comes down from the sky and is all white ?
white what ?
you know what comes down from the sky and is all white and then Santa comes ?
the white stuff is called snow .
snow .
what can you build when you have a bunch of snow ?
what can you make when you have a bunch of snow ?
do you remember what you made out_of the snow ?
no you don't remember snowman !
you made a big snowman in our backyard .
&-uh oh don't want it to break here momma put it back on .
here momma hold it do you wanna say hello ?
can you say hello ?
hello here let's pretend this is a phone and we'll call grandma .
hi grandma hi grandma .
hey should we call Rochelle ?
what did Rochelle send you this week ?
yes Rochelle sent candy .
do you wanna call Rochelle and say thank you for the candy ?
pretend this is a baby phone .
no not a baby's phone ?
thank you Rochelle for the candy and what else did she send us ?
what else did she send us ?
a book what else did she send ?
cards yes that's right .
oh should we show Erin what's on your door ?
let's go let's show Erin what's on your door that Rochelle also sent ?
you wanna bring that with okay .
let's show her what's on the door .
wow she'll be so surprised what did Rochelle send us ?
stickers !
and Matty did you put them on the orange paper ?
how_about momma hold them okay but that means you gotta stay right next_to momma .
you gotta stay right next_to momma so_that our voices can be on there .
do you wanna show Erin what's in the picture ?
can she see what if she doesn't know what those are ?
can you tell her or can I tell her ?
wait what is it ?
that's a ghost ?
yeah what else is in it ?
what are these things ?
what are they doing ?
batty batty what do the bats do ?
what are they doin ?
on the paper .
do they go in the sky ?
what do bats usually do not when their on the paper what do they usually do in the sky ?
batty batty .
I remember you're thinking of the Sesame Street song right ?
do you remember that song ?
how_about one of the other things in there we see ghosts and bats what else is on there ?
what are those ?
that's a pumpkin I thought this was a pumpkin .
what's this ?
oh there's a two pumpkin and there's a one pumpkin and this is a pumpkin too .
wow lots_of pumpkins and you know what else Erin has also not seen this in your room .
can you tell Erin about that ?
what is that ?
a spider web !
now hon tell Erin where's all the spiders .
gone .
did we put the spiders out ?
why didn't we put the spiders out there ?
hum sweetheart why didn't we put the spiders out ?
whatchu doin ?
are you hungry why didn't we put the spiders out ?
away why didn't we put em out ?
why did we put them away ?
no like them .
should I get them out to show Erin the spiders ?
yes you won't be scared ?
okay I'll show her the spiders .
here can I put this on you please while momma goes here can you hold this for momma ?
okay hold on momma have you hold this hold this please you wanna hold it in your hand or on your shirt ?
are you gonna be scared when I get the spiders ?
&-uh oh I don't like spiders .
okay now nobody scream .
okay ready what is what are these ?
spiders oh my gosh look at those .
I don't know Matthew daddy should be coming home soon should we put the spiders somewhere so we can scare him ?
where should we put em ?
on the bed should we go and put them on the bed ?
can you hold that please ?
okay let's go on the bed okay we're gonna put them on the bed .
okay let's go .
bring the pumpkin okay bring the pumpkin .
okay come on up .
hold it you gonna leave the pumpkin right there ?
spiders wait mommy needs to put this on there because she needs to hold the bag with the spiders .
okay now where did you wanna put them ?
on the bed where on the bed ?
should we put them on the bed or should we put them on daddy's pillow ?
put them on daddy's pillow ?
okay so let's get the pillow .
spiders yeah .
one there okay we got one right there anymore ?
go ahead .
open it .
shut it .
oh you know what I think one fell on the floor .
okay anymore ?
there are a_lot of spiders .
wow look at these .
now what do you think daddy's gonna do when he sees these ?
scream ?
scream maybe .
should we put it right here ?
okay when daddy comes home should we say daddy do you wanna lay down on the bed ?
when he comes home we'll say daddy do you wanna lay down on the bed ?
and then we'll see if he screams okay ?
what should we tell daddy what should we say to daddy ?
oh did you say no want spiders ?
do you think we should we put them back in the bag or leave them on the pillow ?
okay leave them on the pillow dadda come .
wait what'd you say I didn't here you ?
you lay on em .
you want me to lay down on them ?
huh me to lay down on them ?
what if momma woke up and saw these spiders ah ?
is momma scared ?
is it your turn ?
let's say Matthew woke up and there were all these spiders on there what would you do ?
you would scream ?
would you scream ?
would you say hello spiders ?
should we give the spiders kisses ?
you know you can put these on as rings too see ?
yeah see you can put them on your fingers .
in fact you have five fingers and five spiders you could put one spider on each finger .
look at that okay oh my gosh is that a scary hand ?
yes .
what do you think somebody would do if they saw your hand ?
scream they would say ah .
what should we do with the spiders now ?
put em away ?
you want me to put them away or are we gonna put them on the pillow for daddy ?
put them here for daddy maybe ?
no jumping honey mommy doesn't want you to break this .
is it off ?
one minute .
one minute what should we say really fast before we go ?
how_about when we go trick or treating should we practice that ?
okay what do we do when we go trick or treating we say ?
we go knock knock .
then what do we say ?
trick or treat .
good job we say trick or treat and then what do the ladies do ?
what do they give Mathew ?
a candy yes they do .
then what do you say ?
trick or treat again ?
won't you say thank you for the candy ?
thank you for the candy .
we should say thank you to the lady downstairs too with the pumpkin .
thank you for the pumpkin .
