what else do you see ?
you have that one that is true .
you have that one maybe we should show Erin what you got .
you have that one what is that ?
a taperecorder and what do you do with it ?
talk yes you can talk on it can't you ?
that part's not working no .
oh my gosh .
a baby is that a baby Elmo ?
yeah what's that baby oh my gosh what does that baby Elmo have ?
two bottles .
yeah two bottles look at that .
that one or does this bottle belong to him ?
I think that's his bottle and then this is Elmo's bottle .
that is so funny look what else .
Bob the builder yes yes can .
is that from the cartoon ?
it's a show right Matty ?
what is this part ?
a backhoe yep that's right .
this is that guy you watched that you did .
look at that look a big one .
now that's a big one yours is small this is a big one .
and who's this one ?
it is on your door you wanna find it on your door ?
what did you guys do ?
Woody and Buzz that's right and ?
Sully and who's that guy do you remember who's got the big eye ?
him have one eye that's right .
that's right his name is Mike .
Matthew can get a chair to sit in .
wow is this a part of the movie ?
yeah is this where they work ?
can you tell Erin what happens in that movie you saw ?
yeah tell us about that who's that ?
is that a mean one or a nice one ?
mean one what does he do in the movie ?
him have one eye too yes only one eye .
how_about Sully how many eyes does he have ?
two eyes .
yes he has a green nose .
he looks kind of scary is he scary in the movie ?
oh do you want oh let's buy Matty this should we buy you this for Christmas ?
no how come ?
that baby thing yep that's a baby thing .
how_about this so you can learn how to walk ?
do you already know how to walk ?
you don't need that huh ?
do you see anything else you like ?
what is that ?
what does that look like ?
I think it kind of looks like a bus .
wow what's this boy doing ?
looks like he's kind of playing some drums .
you have that ?
yeah where do you have that ?
do you have that at home ?
yeah .
what else I don't remember about these games .
wow do you remember what that is what is that ?
that a big one yeah it sure is big .
do you remember what they call this thing ?
it's a hard word it's called a skeleton .
skeleton .
in the Elmo movie that's right .
do you remember who else is in the Elmo movie ?
yeah Cookie Monster that's right .
oh other things too .
crayons yes .
oh fish now that's pretty cool .
you can get these fish what are the fish doing ?
hm what do you think those fish are doing in there ?
what are those guys doing in there those little fishies think they're just hanging out swimming ?
swimming swimming swimming .
hey what did they make a picture of ?
Mr Potato yes .
in in this it's a special thing that has little lights .
you do have that that's true what is that for ?
you wanna check and see what's that for ?
watch out for your fingers do you know where it is is it in there ?
wow you do have it ?
isn't that great what is it for then ?
what's this for ?
cleaning the house yep .
wow .
making noise yes does that seem loud to you ?
that's a pretty loud noise .
what did you just do to make it not so loud ?
what did you do ?
how come it's not so loud anymore ?
how come I can't hear it anymore hm what'd you do ?
turn it on ?
those are for girls ?
you don't want one of those ?
how_about these are these for girls or for boys ?
how_about these little babies who are these for ?
rock a bye baby yeah .
so many cute little babies which one do you want ?
that one there's two there you get little twin babies if you buy this one .
wow more babies look at these babies what do these babies have ?
wow this is a great book all kinds of stuff I can't believe they sent us this catalog .
you turned it off yeah .
wow now that's pretty cool they've got all kinds of stuff in here .
look at these big big tractors .
do you wanna play with some of your other toys ?
you wanna clean the house ?
oh what's this do you know what this is Matty ?
do you remember what this is called ?
did you do this at school ?
what do you gotta do ?
do you remember how do you do this ?
you pick up the ball and then what do you do ?
knock the pins over that's right .
these look like happy pins that guy's laughing that guy's smiling .
does this guy look scared ?
he looks scared he says don't hit me with the ball .
do you wanna show Erin how you can do puzzles ?
you wanna do puzzles you wanna show Erin how you can do those ?
you wanna do that one ?
you wouldn't believe he can do them so fast .
okay what do you do first ?
what's that man doing ?
laying on the bench ?
oh my gosh what are these guys ?
in what ?
oh they're the ducks .
see so the first thing you hafta do for the puzzle is take these out right ?
I don't know if she knows what they are can you tell her what these are ?
these chickens what ?
that's that one yeah that one ?
cow .
what's that cat doing up there ?
what do you think he's doing up there is he awake or sleeping ?
yeah I think he looks like he's sleeping too .
what is this guy ?
a yeah .
and what are these guys ?
you know I'm not sure how many sheeps are there Matthew ?
two sheeps .
that goes there and can you do more ?
how_about that one ?
that one goes right there ?
you think that goes right there ?
where does that one go ?
this go that way .
alright you did it .
this go that way &-uh good job .
them go right there ?
or maybe somewhere else ?
there's a big one that one and where's that go ?
yeah you did it good job sweetie .
you really feel like vacuuming don't you ?
vacuum how_about just vacuum a little bit and maybe you can vacuum more when Erin goes home .
oh my gosh hello hello oh yes well he's vacuuming right now .
I'm sorry no he can't talk to you .
it's Sully he wants to talk to you I told him you were vacuuming .
do you wanna talk to Sully ?
hello bye ?
oh yeah yeah he's busy okay byebye Sully .
who else should call us ?
oh my gosh are you cleaning my shirt ?
what are you getting off of my shirt ?
fuzz good that's good I have fuzz on my shirt .
do you think we could turn that off it's really hard for me to hear cause it's so loud .
thank you .
it's pretty loud now .
it's pretty loud though .
do you hear something downstairs ?
do you hear something downstairs turn it off so we can hear the lady downstairs .
do you hear anything downstairs ?
that lady's watching tv downstairs I think .
is she being loud ?
should we go tell her she needs to be quiet ?
no we won't go tell her that .
you are going to vacuum up the cars ?
okay .
why don't we turn this so this doesn't get broken thank you .
oh it's stuck here oh my gosh what are you doing ?
cleaning it up .
oh we gotta grab the cars it's sucking them up .
what if it sucked them up would you be sad if they were gone ?
okay I'm gonna turn this off now too loud .
do you wanna play the game with me or do something else ?
you wanna play the cards or do you want me to put them in the box ?
put em in the box okay .
oh what are you doing ?
what are you doing Matty ?
you want a new diaper ?
okay I'll be back in just a second .
I needta change it then hold on .
is it wet ?
you can do that all by yourself ?
what are you doing ?
taking it off will you please lay down just for a second .
you can take if off but I wanna take your shoes off too .
okay sit down .
oh my gosh there goes your diaper .
Matty Matty Matty where are your clothes ?
can you lay down honey lay down please .
I know you like playing with that vacuum but you know what it ends up being too loud .
you wanna turn the vacuum on but it's too loud in here to have the vacuum on .
the lady downstairs could become angry because it's so loud .
it's too loud yeah .
are you talking on the phone ?
is anyone there ?
who are you talking to ?
Santa oh what are you gonna tell Santa ?
bring you toys you want him to bring you some new toys ?
which toys do you want ?
no Santa ?
no who you talking to then ?
merry christmas Santa .
&-uh oh we don't wanna rip that here .
okay we've gotta try to think of something that you wanna play with cause you said that you don't wanna play our game you already did a puzzle and the vacuum is too loud so .
can I hold this can I put it on my shirt ?
okay .
you wanna go in there what are you doing ?
oh my gosh what is that ?
oh a shirt .
do you remember where you wore that shirt last time where did you wear that shirt ?
the flip shirt where'd you wear that flip shirt ?
did you wear it to carving the pumpkin at that one house remember when we went to that house and we carved that big pumpkin ?
you carved a big big sad pumpkin why was the pumpkin sad ?
his momma's gone .
it is kind of old yes .
do you wanna check out the pumpkin ?
let's go look at it I'll grab this .
let's go check it outside .
we'll show Erin the old old pumpkin oh you want Sully okay .
you wanna bring them too ?
let's check out the pumpkin .
oh no what do you think about that ?
that cover do you think we should throw that pumpkin away ?
that is very old .
is it yucky ?
are you scared ?
do you wanna eat it ?
what should we do with the pumpkin ?
throw it away where should we throw it away ?
outside we can just throw it over the edge ?
oh I don't think anyone would like that .
I think we'll hafta wait till daddy gets home and then where should we put it maybe ?
outside maybe and throw him over the edge I'm thinking maybe we'll put him in the garbage bag .
how is your little pumpkin doin ?
you're right Matty we'll hafta show him to daddy .
how_about this guy he's still doing actually pretty good .
oh don't bite me .
should we go inside are you kind of cold honey ?
oh my gosh .
ah he'll probably wanna come in .
did you wanna finish doing this one ?
here let's sit on the floor .
there's another one right there .
oh yes Scotty come here Scotty did you see Scotty went outside ?
another one yeah another pet .
another pet yep what are you going to do with those ?
there's no more stickers well actually there are there's a bunch right on the back .
do you wanna do those stickers ?
yeah where do they go ?
you got Tigger you sure do .
you sure do have Tigger where are you going to put him ?
you wanna put him on the chair ?
I guess he can stay there for now .
who else you got ?
do you remember his name Matthew do you remember what that guys name is ?
ripping let's see oh yeah he is ripping a little bit .
let me see if I can grab him so he doesn't get too ripped .
who's crying out there ?
come on in Scotty .
another one huh well that boy's name is Christopher Robin .
Christopher Robin yep .
wow now what does he do ?
play outside .
oh he flys outside yep .
those are nice Matthew you're doing a good job putting them onto the chair .
do you need some help getting him out or to you wanna leave him in the book ?
you wanna take him off .
there you go there he is .
now where does he go oh my gosh where are you putting him ?
huh where is he honey ?
he is on the pillow yep .
two more that's right two more .
another one yep cause remember we already found a honey pot .
and there's the other honey pot you put it there .
what are you gonna do with this honey pot ?
ooh that one goes right there that's right .
does piglet like the honey pot ?
no .
that was him right there that's true .
you wanna give him well that's a good idea there's his honey pot .
no more there's one at the beginning remember sweetie ?
your right it's at the end I forgot .
what's the only thing left there ?
leaf yeah that's right .
did you do a good job with that ?
you wanna sit on that ?
are you gonna sit right on top of em ?
yeah .
now what are you doing ?
rocking .
what's that this is the thing for the talking the tape .
no it's on it's just not making any music .
should we sing ?
do you wanna sing a song into it ?
what song do you wanna sing ?
Keecha_la_la ?
okay sing the Keecha_la_la song .
Keecha_la_la Keecha_la_la I don't know that song .
do you wanna sing another song you know ?
do you know how_about the one that goes like this .
where is Thumbkin ?
what do you do with Thumbkin sometimes ?
in the mitts .
yep you gotta hold up the thumb and then you put it inside for the mitten that's right .
why do you wear mittens outside ?
outside the cold yep that's right .
and then the mittens they keep our hands warm what do we wear on our head ?
our hat yes .
what do you wear on your back ?
your shirt yes you sure do and that keeps you warm to right ?
did you tell Erin about your shirt today what does your shirt say ?
North Dakota that's right do you remember what you useta do when you lived in North Dakota ?
played toys yes that's right what else did you do in North Dakota ?
do you remember any friends from North Dakota ?
do you remember any friends you useta have there ?
miss Dakota .
no I was thinking about you useta have a friend named Ben .
do you remember where did you and Ben go together ?
and momma and dadda and Ben's momma and dadda went too .
to the harvest dinner oh my gosh .
you sing songs at the harvest dinner right .
gray squirrel a bushy tail yes that was the song you sang .
gray squirrel .
bushy tail .
can you teach me that song how does it go ?
then what happens next ?
what happens next in the gray squirrel song ?
should we look at the paper remember there's the paper that we got from there that says the words should I get the words ?
okay momma be right back .
oh my gosh is that a hat ?
there's the numbers .
oh now here's the gray squirrel song it says gray squirrel gray squirrel swish your bushy tail .
bushy tail .
you wanna mush it ?
that's okay .
oh my paper .
no I don't want you to mush it !
wrinkle up your funny nose hold a nut between your ?
toes gray squirrel gray squirrel swish your bushy tail .
you wanna mush it ?
but this is momma's it says how to do the gray squirrel song no I don't think we're going to mush it sweetie .
I'll make a copy and then you can mush the other one .
I wanna make a copy so_that I can save it .
save it .
you know this is a special number Erin it says two .
two Matthew yes is that how old Matthew is ?
do you know anyone else who's two ?
Roman yes good job .
and here's another special number if we can find it .
a five who's five ?
Sophie is five .
that one is one you know who is one ?
Ben Ben is still one year old .
and do you know who is four ?
do you remember anyone who's four ?
Spencer's four .
nine I don't know anyone who is nine .
