oh she hasta get the little tape thing for you and put it in the purse .
can you put this on ?
you wanna put it up there ?
how you gonna get it up there ?
how can you get up to there huh ?
show me how you think you're gonna get up there .
go up the wagon okay let's check it out and see if that works .
okay go up the wagon .
good job good idea that worked .
did that work to go in the wagon ?
okay let's get out now cause you could slip .
do you wanna tell Erin what we did this weekend ?
where did we go ?
did you say finding or founding ?
founding the little mans ?
well where did we find the little mans ?
hit the little mans .
what are little mans ?
where did you use them when did we see them ?
what we were doing when we found the little mans ?
hiking we were hiking and we were walking and walking .
in a bear house yes .
we found them that's right we found a bear house .
we found a bear house and you found a little mans .
we were hiking tell her if this is right okay ?
we were hiking up what did we hafta go up ?
on a big hill .
you're slipping ?
we were going up a big hill and then sometimes we wouldn't know where to go right we didn't know where to hike and where the path was .
what did you do when you found the little mans ?
you see the little mans and you go that way .
and then what did you do with your stick ?
hit em he would hit the little mans .
how did you get up there were they up high ?
how did you reach em ?
you used a big stick .
so he would hit them with a big long stick and then we would know .
now tell her about what we were looking for what were we looking for too besides the little mans what were we looking for ?
I go that way and we found places where bears useta live .
where did they useta live ?
in the water ?
remember the big cracks didn't we see the big cracks in the rocks where the bears useta live ?
they lived on there .
do they live there right now ?
when did they live there ?
long time yep they don't live there anymore .
and then another thing we saw remember when there was rocks and then the rocks on top and then the rocks on top again ?
what did we call those ?
big rock sandwich yes .
a big rock sandwich yes so we did a good job hiking .
you found the bear bear book where's your bear bear book ?
that one you wanna look at ?
okay a big bird book oh I see .
here can I hold this as long as you got that right there .
I don't know if Erin knows this book what happens in this book do you remember ?
that's a truck .
okay .
and Grover and you said drum and scissors and duck and .
do you know what that is ?
a doll and a big truck .
and this book this is a book where Big Bird gets a present he gets this pail and a shovel and everybody wanted to share .
did Big Bird wanna share the pail ?
does he share it with his friends ?
oh is he sharing who's he sharing with there ?
Big Bird is sharing with who ?
Grover yeah and then she got one too .
oh what are they makin ?
sand castles oh it's getting very very big wow .
remember what these are called ?
honkers yeah .
right there are two honkers .
two honkers .
you saw another two honkers again where ?
yeah these are different kind of monsters right they look like they have antennae's for their ears don't these look like ant ears ?
I think they do .
two honkers are there again yes .
did you see who else is helping who else is helping them make it ?
hairy that's a hairy monster .
mad does he seem mad right there ?
and then ?
made it yep they made a giant thing all done .
you know what I've been thinking about remember when we were gonna go swimming on our trip .
did we go swimming on our trip ?
no what did we do instead ?
we all went in the bath .
cause we wanted to stay at a hotel with an indoor pool but they didn't have the pool so what did we do we put on our bathing suits and we all went in the bath right ?
you need a tissue ?
Erin needs one too ?
thank you .
thank you what do I do with this ?
open it and then what should she do with it ?
can you show her how do you do it ?
you open it and then what do you do Matty ?
put it right here what if she's got a runny nose what is she sposta do ?
put it in the wagon ?
like this ?
you need another one ?
how many do you need ?
a bunch huh ?
two more ?
Matthew got a little cold did you show Erin what happened to you ?
right here what happened when you were on the trip Matty ?
do you remember what happened ?
Matty was walking on the sidewalk I think he was actually running and then what happened ?
he fell down .
did you cry ?
yeah it looks like it hurt .
you got a scratch right there is there more where's another scratch ?
he got a couple little scratches he didn't like it we were pretty upset we felt bad for him .
where did you go ?
we went to Watkins Glen do you know where that is ?
yeah .
we were gonna go on the part that was a they have some major big state park there but it was closed it closed like this weekend it was open all through last weekend I guess it gets really slippery with the stairs and all .
icy .
so instead we just went shopping and then we went hiking and we went to eat a bunch .
do you remember Matty what you ate at the place ?
what did you get to eat ?
I remember you had grilled cheese and what else did you eat ?
you put the tiny book in there ?
he got grilled cheese and french fries too .
are you wrapping up the little book ?
oh I got an idea let's wrap it up and then we can pretend it's for happy birthday .
should we do that ?
you need another tissue ?
okay you're right cause that's kind of a big book I'm gonna use one of these smaller Pooh bear books .
we'll wrap it up and it could be for happy birthday .
are you putting that one on there too ?
are you wrapping it up ?
you know we didn't tell Erin what we did on Friday night either .
where did we go on Friday night ?
who's house did we go to on Friday night ?
whose house ?
Roman and ?
yeah we went over Friday night and we watched a movie .
what did you have for supper at Roman and Sophie's house ?
oh you wrapped it up .
is it time to open it for the present ?
no okay just let me move it over here then so we can see it .
that's a_lot of wrapping .
is that a present or is he just sleeping under all those blankets ?
bunch of blankets well let's just say that this is enough here there's one more you can use this one's dirty .
this one's dirty honey how_about you use that one if you wanna play with it for a blanket ?
there you go who's sleeping under there ?
the book is sleeping can I check him out ?
oh now he's sleeping you don't wanna bother him .
when is the book gonna wake up ?
daddy come daddy come and then he gets to wake up ?
then he gets to wake up can I look at him ?
no he's hiding ?
look under the bed ?
look under the bed can I check what's under the bed ?
oh you know what you haven't even told Erin about your shirt yet .
what's your shirt say ?
grandpa build a house .
Zevenbergen construction .
what does grandpa build ?
what kind of house ?
snow what are you looking for ?
a book hm I don't know if there's a book in the bed .
not underneath that blankie .
where is the book instead ?
in the bookshelf ?
no where do you think there could be a book ?
wait wait shh he's sleeping ?
didn't you say he was sleeping are you gonna wake him up ?
what are you going to say to wake him up ?
you gonna say good morning .
good morning book .
is this like a new baby the book ?
okay let's check him out well good morning baby rock a bye baby on the tree top .
you wanna rock the little baby ?
oh rock a bye baby .
oh you dropped him he's crying !
oh no here let's say that this is a birthday present .
is it gonna be for you to open or for Erin to open ?
oh Matthew open .
is that for your birthday ?
ah happy birthday Matty .
there it is you don't wanna read that book ?
this is a cool book that Matty made at school I like it a_lot it's about turkeys .
turkeys by the pumpkins turkeys by the .
what is this ?
by the haystack .
turkeys by bell .
turkeys by what ?
by the barn .
turkeys by ?
by corn turkeys by ?
turkeys by wagon turkeys by the .
you know what that is it's called a horn .
turkeys by .
turkeys by .
by chair rocking chair turkeys by .
what is on that table ?
food and last one turkeys .
when the teacher put this book together how did the stickers get on there ?
you stuck ?
how did they get there ?
who put those stickers on ?
there's a wheel again you're right .
that's a haystack here's the haystack here's a wheel .
yeah and what's this thing again ?
a barn &-uh oh careful .
I still don't know who put the stickers on ?
Matthew well how did you do it ?
did you lick em and stick em on .
oh let's get out_of there sweetie cause this could break the wires .
wires yep this is what this is called wires .
you gotta be still or otherwise it could get broken .
how_about your farm ?
I'll go grab it want me to grab it ?
Erin oh Erin will get it okay .
is this it ?
oh yes that is it .
now I don't know where all the people or the animals are because they're probably everywhere but we could show her how it basically works .
this is the farm .
what is that what makes that noise ?
mail mail in the farm ?
oh there's a farm now this is a funny song .
got mail .
last time we were in church everybody was singing a hymn and all of a sudden he sang Kum_By_Ya we took him out after that .
it was so cute did you sing Kum_By_Ya in church ?
yeah it was a little too loud yeah a little too loud .
oh wait is that ?
you wanna go into the farm ?
this is a farm book too .
yeah well sure it has a cow and cows go on the farm right ?
you wanna put that in the farm there you go .
shut the book okay .
is it gonna shut ?
alright we'll check .
what's going on right there ?
stuck how are you going to get it to fit ?
right there okay .
&-uh oh fell down .
let's check is that gonna work good job you did it .
how did you get it to fit ?
right there ?
no it doesn't open right there it just opens like this .
hey is it gonna open again or do we wanna keep it closed ?
you know what mommy likes to do you can put somebody on the bed and then flip them out .
you wanna try ?
I don't know what we have that you could put on there right now .
how_about you wanna put the wheel on there and see if that works ?
let's say the wheel was sleeping now what ?
knock him over oh there he went over .
is that where that goes right there ?
hum ?
get out the barn now where is he ?
right there at the top .
is he gonna sleep right there instead ?
him right there yes him right there inside the barn .
here I was gonna give him a little blankie cause he was sleeping .
no ?
oh he goes right there .
oh no out he fell out ?
oh is that your ring ?
can I see it ?
oh it's beautiful .
wow what a beautiful ring are you gonna wear it to school .
hey did you bring Sully to school today Matty ?
how come you didn't bring Sully ?
how come you didn't bring Sully today Matty ?
you need another what ?
you need another blankie well here here's another one you got more .
you got more in the wagon if you need another blankie .
oh my what did you just do with that ?
throw it .
what are you doing right now ?
are you making a messy room ?
yeah .
oh my gosh so you wanna show Erin how you do your puzzles .
I don't know if she's ever seen you do puzzles .
Bob the builder one okay that one's a good challenging one .
we're just starting to work on that one .
is that Bob the builder ?
no that's actually Bob the builder's tractor .
but here is the Bob the builder puzzle but you can show her this one it's not an easy one .
what's the first thing you gotta do ?
okay here there you go .
do you want me to hold the pieces .
what are you doing what are you doing with the pieces ?
what are you doing right now ?
doing the puzzle .
yep that's the Bob the builder yep there he is .
you can't see him ?
is that the tractor part can't see that part right ?
not quite oh now what's this part of Bob the builder ?
how_about that part let's see what do we have of Bob the builder there any parts of Bob or maybe the ax for fixing ?
do you wanna take out the last piece right there ?
I don't know ?
you think that way ?
okay right there okay now where's Bob's head go ?
good job yep that's right push it up to the top .
can you show momma how that goes up good job okay .
good boy .
I think there's a piece for that good job but where's that one go ?
oh right there .
right there you did it .
you wanna do another puzzle do yo wanna do this one with the fish or the farm one ?
the fishing pole hm where's the fishing pole can we check in the top drawer ?
there it is .
I know that fish is gone I'm not sure what happened to him .
eat it I gotta eat him ?
okay he's gone .
is he in my tummy now ?
you wanna do another piece ?
it's gone ?
okay take the rest of them out and you can show Erin how you put em back .
I gotta eat this one too ?
eat it .
all_gone he's in my tummy now .
I gotta eat this one what if I get full ?
maybe you could ah give some to Erin .
see it's just a bone I already ate the fish and now here's just the bone .
&-um .
that one's all_gone too .
that's a_lot of fish to eat what_about Matthew ?
that's a great idea here you wanna eat this one ?
did you eat the bones too ?
I am so full of fish .
Erin gets that one it's called a jelly fish .
that would hurt her mouth .
do you wanna eat it Matty ?
she's gotta go home sweety .
do you wanna do your puzzle or wait until Erin goes ?
