do you wanna wear the thing with the tape or do you want me to do it ? 

you wanna do it alright .
here let's put it on your shirt cause you are a big boy .
there you go wow what a big boy .
do you wanna talk about this ?
do you wanna talk about this what is this ?
Bob the builder Bob the builder what ?
Bob the builder video .
and what's this got in the tractor ?
he what ?
he's very white ?
what's this stuff on the ground ?
this morning we woke up and what was outside ?
we see snow yeah .
did we look out the window and see the snow ?
you wanna see it right now you see it right now ?
see ?
what should Erin be able to see that's outside ?
you're gonna be able to go sledding ?
who do you go sledding with ?
he likes to go sledding with Vinnie who is Vinnie ?
where do you see Vinnie at ?
Vinnie is a friend at school .
what does Vinnie do everyday when you come to school ?
he gives him a hug and yes the car is on the snow .
yeah is Erin's car covered up with snow ?
it's got a tiny tiny bit of snow on it .
Erin how did you get that snow off your car this morning ?
I brushed it off .
she brushed it off .
are we gonna do that with our car too ?
do you think I should do it or are you gonna help me do it ?
you're gonna help me do it .
Matthew I'm gonna put this right down because I needta get you a tissue .
you wanna tell Erin about where you see the snow .
on cars what_about the grass ?
can you see the grass ?
it is .
are those your christmas lights ?
they're not on that is true how do you turn them on do you know how ?
you're gonna show me you're gonna show me how to turn them on ?
okay go ahead .
oh you know what I'm not sure they're plugged in honey .
cause that useta be the switch we useta use but .
oh you wanna turn those on .
yeah .
now what do we say when we do something like that what do we say ?
we've been working remember sometimes when you put your coat on in the morning what do you say ?
tadah !
do you wanna show Erin any of the ornaments ?
careful do you wanna show her any of the ornaments ?
who is that ?
who's this ?
those are last year Christmas time .
hey Momma look .
I saw that .
your new car what did you do with that outside Matthew ?
and it has a motor what did we hafta do to the motor Matty ?
you got equipment and you fixed it yeah it's his christmas present cause we're leaving tomorrow so we're gonna be gone so it was like .
I don't know we didn't wanna get it till after christmas but it'd be kind of boring you know .
it has a motor it's really neat .
oh Matthew please wait do not run !
do not run Matthew because this fell off .
it's okay should we put it on the pocket of your pants ?
okay .
right here okay .
but still we gotta be careful cause we don't want this to break that would be very sad .
do you wanna show her your new Buzz book ?
wow should we play with this game ?
okay we can pretend that we're Buzz who do you wanna be ?
you wanna be that guy .
I wanna be let's see who should I be ?
I get to be that guy okay let me check .
oh it looks like he can fly can he fly ?
well it looks like he can fly he's gonna say what does Buzz always say ?
infinity and Beyond that's right .
so he looks like he's about ready to fly .
and then is he gonna visit your guy where's your guy ?
is that the guy you're playing with right there okay he'll come and talk to you ?
hello hello how are you today ?
he's gonna fly too ?
he's going go see Erin then he should fly this way .
hi Erin .
are we all gonna fly to see Erin ?
oh you know what Matthew I think the dog wants your cream cheese toast I'll be back okay ?
what is he all about ?
how many eyes does he have ?
can he stand up ?
what do you hafta do to get him to stand up Matthew ?
put those on have these on ?
let me see if I can put one on this guy .
what's kind of funny about this guy Matthew do you see what's kind of funny about him ?
do you see what looks kind of strange about this guy ?
how many eyes does he have ?
there we go now he can stand up .
how many eyes does this guy have do you know ?
now he stand up .
this guy got one two three eyes .
that's so funny .
look at this guy oh he's kind of funny too what's he wearin ?
what_about this guy is he kind of funny ?
very scary is he the mean one ?
he's Zurg yes .
this girl says I don't wanna be near him he looks too mean she's gonna be right here .
what does this guy say ?
that's Buzz yes should we put him so he can stand up ?
Buzz Lightyear to the rescue !
to the rescue .
okay here you go what else does Buzz say ?
why don't we pretend that these guys are gonna go somewhere like this guy and how_about this guy .
what if they were hungry what if they were very hungry where would they go ?
fly to the rescue ?
yeah they're gonna go okay we're gonna fly fly .
okay what if they're flying and they got very hungry ?
oh I'm so hungry are you hungry Buzz ?
are you hungry Buzz ?
where do you wanna go eat Buzz ?
to Nanold's okay let's go to Nanolds .
okay now we gotta stand in line to order the food .
okay who gets to be first who gets to eat the food first ?
Buzz what's Buzz gonna get to eat ?
chicken okay what else does Buzz eat anything else but chicken ?
is Buzz gonna fly to infinity and beyond is he gonna go to Nanold's or keep going ?
stop at Nanolds .
okay now he got some chicken I'm gonna get some chicken too okay let's sit down and eat .
oh thank you would you like some french fries ?
he says would you like some french fries ?
hm ?
he's waiting is he waiting ?
what's he waiting for ?
he's waiting for chicken they gotta make it still ?
oh they gotta make his chicken .
he says oh I am so hungry .
he's gonna eat his chicken he got it ?
oh it's in his tummy .
he's eating it now it's in his tummy .
that guy's gonna go eat too what's he gonna get ?
oh big french fries .
he's tiny or did you say he's hungry ?
oh .
are these a french fry ?
does he eat this one ?
okay what else happens what's he gonna do ?
Buzz is gonna eat that french fry .
wow well they are so full now where are they gonna go they already ate at Nanolds now what are they going to do ?
are they gonna walk or fly ?
this is the house so this where they live ?
should we put these guys in the tree Daddy would probably like that .
is this where they live ?
he says hello what are you ?
a bear is Buzz gonna talk to the bear ?
he go up in the air .
is that where he lives ?
is he okay or did he crash ?
oh what happened to him ?
what's that I don't know this is a funny guy look at his big mustache .
is that pretty big ?
Buzz is gonna fly again too now ?
bye Buzz byebye see you later Buzz .
where's he going ?
did he land in my hands ?
does she know who this is who's this ?
Matthew why don't you tell Erin about driving your car where did you drive your car ?
yes where did you go ?
way far away where did you go ?
you gonna fly again ?
wow you're flying a_lot today does Buzz like to fly ?
what happens in the movie when Buzz flys ?
you wanna watch it you wanna watch it later ?
what happens in the movie when Buzz flies do you remember ?
and then what happens when his arm is broken ?
he did fly out the window yes but he didn't make it out the window and he crashed and he broke his arm and then what happened ?
and then what ?
in that window is he gonna try to fly out that window ?
that window we can't open the window Boo it's gonna be too cold .
we can pretend see I'll pretend he's gonna fly out the window .
break his arm outside where is his arm ?
in the grass ?
let's go and get it okay let's go get it .
ah go grab it Matty .
oh good .
it goes on this arm did you fix it ?
go get some tape ?
okay .
where's the tape ah right here there you go .
yes you did put some tape on him .
is he going to the rescue ?
you wanna put that in there okay don't knock it over please right in here .
right here okay ?
are you gonna go in your car somewhere why don't you go on a trip ?
you gonna push the pedal ah no I don't think so because we can't drive it in the house .
what are you going to do now with the music on ?
what a great dancer .
all done yeah now he's in the car was that great music ?
he drove it outside like really far .
all the way around the park .
and on the playground .
you want me to dance with you okay can you teach me ?
I think that's enough dancing for now .
I know what we can tell Erin let's tell Erin about the trip we're gonna take where are we going tomorrow ?
the big Bob the builder book is in the bag .
Matty why are we waiting to use that book ?
when are we gonna read it ?
you're going on a plane ?
well actually between here and Chicago .
we're gonna go very early .
you know what Matthew I'm a little worried that this is all trapped around you here we go .
that's the scary one .
oh no that's scaring Erin honey !
okay this is getting very very twisted up around you did you bring the scary one .
what does he do ?
this guy is gonna fly .
they sure are are they both flying who flies higher who goes up very very high Zurg or Buzz who's the highest ?
Buzz Buzz goes up higher ?
does he go up very high ?
oh you wanna go up very high .
no you know it's kind of hard because we have that tape on .
it's hard to pick you up and go very high .
oh you wanna take that off then huh ?
you want me to wear it ?
yeah well we'll see I'll hold you up in a second let's see if we can tell Erin more about our trip who are we going to visit ?
put you so high ?
okay let me put this on my shirt .
okay but first let's tell Erin about who we are visiting and then and then I will hold you up high .
so who are we going to visit ?
Buzz we're visiting Buzz ?
are we going to visit &-um Spencer ?
who we going to visit ?
going to see Grandpa .
and Spongebob ?
who else are we gonna see ?
Grandma and Grandpa .
oh did fall off ?
so Grandma and Grandpa and also Kaylia and who else ?
Kaylia and ?
Kaylia and also Cody those are his cousins .
right Matthew ?
did they come to visit us this summer Matthew ?
remember Kaylia and Cody came this summer ?
are you up so high now ?
are you up high on Erin's back ?
are you on Erin's back right now oh my gosh you are up high where are you flying ?
where should we go ?
to Grandpa and Grandma's house .
I think Erin would get too tired going to Grandma and Grandpa's .
wow Erin is very strong I think she might be a little tired though why don't you go down ?
that was a nice idea flying for just a little bit of time .
we're going to fly to Grandma and Grandpa's house on a big plane and then we're gonna see Grandma and Grandpa Heidi .
what are we gonna do at their house ?
you wanna go so high with me ?
let's see if it's locked .
how_about that are you up kind of high now ?
are you up so high now ?
we can't sweetie .
you're holding onto the thing and it's gonna fall off we play that later you like to go up so high .
you can hold Buzz up yeah Buzz to the rescue .
drop him .
drop him and then she'll catch him .
you wanna try to drop him ?
yeah Erin was holding that .
you're gonna hold it ?
do you wanna put it right there ?
Zurg would take it off he probably would .
Zurg would be kind of a little bad maybe .
don't you think he would wanna take that off ?
hey are you covering up his head ?
what's Zurg doing now ?
turn it off .
I've been trying to think what else we've been doing we've been going shopping got a new car and .
oh yes a big Sully and Mike at the funny store at the Toys R Us where we had the car they had a giant Sully and Mike you know from Monsters Inc they were like as big as this room .
I mean they were like giants remember that Matty were they very very big ?
were you scared of Sully and Mike ?
no were they nice ?
you wanna play with that where are you taking it ?
where are you taking that ?
it says sure .
sure does that say Matthew or does it say sure ?
Matthew's sure .
you like to see the words on there don't you ?
can you see the letter that's an S .
S is for ?
S is for Sammy .
oh my gosh .
you're gonna cover me you're gonna cover Erin ?
why do we use those blankets Matty ?
hm when do we use those ?
ooh I'm warm now .
your nose is kind of running today isn't it are you getting a cold ?
are you sick Matthew are you sick ?
look at his hand right there look at his long fingers right there .
are you gonna do something show Erin what you can do .
great job you did it !
you do it again okay one more time .
great job you did it !
you wanna do it again are you gonna get dizzy ?
okay do it again .
you're gonna do it with Buzz ?
ready .
there you go good job .
you gonna do it again ?
oh remember where we got that ?
Erin probably saw those too they had them at the mall .
no sweetie she doesn't wanna try it that was in your mouth .
it's okay sweetie it's just that it has your germs on it cause it was in your mouth she might get sick you know how you've got that little cold Erin doesn't wanna get sick cause she's getting ready to go on a trip too .
she's gonna drive in the car .
what did Momm say about this on the stairs ?
be quiet can't do that on the stairs .
who will become angry if you do that on the stairs ?
our neighbors .
okay .
Matty Matty come back !
you are going very fast come back come back .
I just noticed that there's pictures in that cabinet .
Matty did you see that here check this out look at this you see in the cabinet it's got a bunch of pictures inside how did those get in there ?
did you stick those in there ?
you wanna open it we'll take them out but we don't wanna put the pictures in there .
look at this who's that ?
how_about this one ?
look they are all the same .
you wanna take them out okay you grab them out .
that is so weird .
you grab them out go ahead grab them out .
okay you put them in and you grab them out .
I'll open it and then you grab them out .
you wanna show Erin all those pictures ?
going down the slide .
yes they're all the same .
that's kind of strange .
can I look at one of these where are you going down the slide ?
there's so many that are the same .
look at that .
are you gonna run where are you going ?
one two three four five six .
opening the door opening the door .
Bob the builder close the door .
well Erin's gonna leave in a minute don't you wanna say goodbye ?
wait a second don't you wanna say goodbye to Erin and then say merry christmas .
merry christmas .
just a couple more minutes Boo .
