<is it> you didn't push it yet did you ? 

oh maybe it's not working oh it is we gotta set it on the right one .
okay now go ahead .
when did you get that Matty ?
when do you use this do you know ?
we would use it if we go camping we could put it in the tent or we put it on the table when we're camping and then it has this that even if you're far away you can turn the lantern on .
you just like pushing it huh ?
do you wanna do your puzzle now with Erin ?
yeah okay I'll turn this off now so_that the battery doesn't die there we go .
what are you doing now what are you doing with those ?
breaking them off yeah you're doing a good job of breaking them off you did it .
I like all of these so what have we been doing since we saw Erin yesterday ?
what did you do at school today that was super fun ?
on the sled what did you do on the sled ?
you went on the sled and then what who caught you ?
oh Michelle Michelle caught you ?
oh did you go down a hill ?
no where did you guys go sledding ?
at the play yard yeah at the play yard .
wow you're doing a good job taking that apart so you went sledding and what did you and I do last night ?
where did we go do you remember ?
I'll give you a hint I'll show you something that might remind you of where we went last night okay .
hold on I'll be back .
well let's see I can't find it oh here it is what did we do last night ?
we gotta give it back where did we get this ?
at Kmart are you sure look at the back is this our book ?
who's book is it ?
the library .
you wanna put it over here now you wanna do it over here okay well we gotta bring all of them over then .
what do you do at the library besides reading books what did we do ?
do a puzzle yeah do a puzzle what else did we do ?
the monsters going the lake you're right we saw a video on the computer and it was a monster was going to the lake .
what did he do at the lake ?
he swimmed ?
what did he do there ?
he swammed remember what else what did he fly ?
that's right he flyed his kite and then it fell on the cow .
that's right and then remember there's another part oh remember what happened to the hot dogs at the beach in the story ?
the hot dogs remember ?
they fell in the sand and then what did they do did they throw them in the garbage what did they do with those hot dogs ?
they washed them off and then ?
you trying to connect them together huh ?
let's see we probably hafta follow the A B C song so we gotta find A .
A is for apple so A goes there and then it goes A B .
you wanna try to put that one next ?
it goes A B what's this one ?
you get a what ?
what's this oh well just think of the song A B .
yeah it's a C good job .
okay A B C what comes next ?
A B C ?
yeah that one doesn't quite fit in there we hafta try to find the other one you got that one huh ?
this is D cause we go A B C D and then we need a ?
ooh what's this one what's this picture ?
can we do the song ?
you wanna start the song Mommy will help you you can start the song how does it go ?
that's great you did a good job .
okay A B C D E and then we need an F .
okay we needta see what has an F here ?
that kind of looks like an F but it's a J for jacket .
so here's our F one F is for ?
froggie are you going to sing the song again ?
no more A B C's .
F .
G now we gotta put the G on .
G is for what are these ?
no you know you gotta they start again though so after you read these letters then it starts in the next row .
so after the G comes ?
an H H is for what's this thing ?
hat .
that's excellent next is gonna come H I no your for that one we just need and I .
I is for ?
yeah it kind of fits in there doesn't it you put that one right there .
I and then you know what it's time for your special letter .
it goes right here next_to the icecream .
this yep .
what are you doing with that one ?
great job .
J now we need a ?
that's right the mean lion eats them and then he runs away .
what movie is that in ?
the lion king .
yep now we need actually that's gonna go right here underneath the F can you put it under there ?
okay you know what we need in_between we need an L L is for ?
can you put that what ?
that's a mean lion .
he's gonna eat this one that this one ?
should I hide him ?
and then what would he say if I was hiding him ?
would he say where's my food ?
that's what the mean bugs did yes .
okay do you wanna fit that one in ?
should we say hello to Daddy ?
oh my that looks like a fun weekend ahead .
look at what Daddy has what's Daddy got ?
lots_of paper .
don't go in here ?
you don't want Daddy to go in here oh cause we're workin on a puzzle right ?
okay well we already got the M here's an L M and then we need an N for what's this ?
&-uh that's a nose .
just like this one you wanna put it in it goes underneath the G .
it goes under the G .
oh my gosh it goes over here .
he's laying on it are you sleeping Matty ?
do you wanna put the next one on or do you wanna just use these ?
you want some juice ?
you wanna grab some juice you want some juice Erin ?
maybe Erin would like some too .
oh you want Erin to drink some but she said no thank you she's not thirsty right now .
maybe I'll drink your juice though you want me to drink it ?
it's yours huh ?
you want Erin to drink some she's not thirsty right now though honey .
you could ask her again you could say Erin would you like some ?
no thank you .
oh she not thirsty .
who is this ?
Pooh bear what's he doing with his friends ?
hum what's he doing with his friends here ?
Pooh gets a hug yes .
what are they doing on the back ?
Tigger's jumping yeah .
he has a big tail .
what are all these things where are they do you know ?
do you know what they call that where they are here ?
he's pouring some water he sure is good job !
&-eh &-eh help .
what's happening ?
you want me to drink a little bit okay so it's not so big ?
not so much in there .
don't drink it all .
what happened what did Mommy do and then it spilled all over ?
what did I do with it ?
what do they call that did I squeeze it ?
should I squeeze it now ?
okay we gotta do the next letter which is after N .
after N comes this what's this ?
owl what ?
oh the owl goes wow I think the owl said hoo hoo .
here's our O and then it goes here let me sing the song see if you can guess what comes next .
it goes A oh let me start at the beginning .
A B C D E F G listen really carefully H I J K L M N O .
poopie .
I thought it was just P .
what's the P for ?
what is that ?
you're gonna be the piggy ?
you wanna do the next one ?
here comes your next one .
P and then it goes Q you wanna do Q and then put that one in ?
it's a funny O yep that's what daddy was telling you last night it's a funny O it has this little tail on it .
do you have a tail ?
who has a tail ?
Buddy has a tail yeah Buddy had a tail .
here's our Q you ready for the next part ?
you're hiding ?
I put it in ?
well tell me if this is the R where does this one go ?
this is the next letter where does it go ?
goes right here alrighty and then comes S .
where does this go ?
okay making a big line .
well where does the next one go ?
yep .
do you wanna put it in ?
let's see we got one more row .
ooh you know where that one goes I can show you it goes right here underneath the socks .
do you remember what we call this one we talked about it yesterday do you remember what this is called ?
a gas station that's what we use for the gas station that's right .
it's called a yo yo .
yo yo yo yo yo yo here's the last one that goes right there .
do you wanna put it in ?
you got your arm stuck oh no your arms are so stuck .
this one this arm is stuck ?
oh this arm is stuck .
he fell down poor baby .
what the baby do if he fell down ?
drink juice ?
what would the baby do he would drink juice if he fell ?
he would be crying okay let's finish the puzzle and then we can play with some of your cars on it or something .
we can tell stories about the different things we needta only a couple more .
yeah not playing the loud game not right now .
you have the last one that's gotta go in you gonna put it in ?
I put it in alright we're all finished .
what should we do now ?
drive cars okay .
what do we do how am I going to find a car ?
you needta play with this one ?
Erin Erin needs to play with that one .
do you remember yesterday what you did you do to this ?
when I came over .
do you remember ?
do you remember ?
you fixed it ?
yeah you fixed it and remember where was it ?
was it over there ?
yes .
so what did you do with it ?
you put it away .
I kinda I remember that yesterday .
that was funny .
you know what Erin hasn't seen this .
it's so cool .
when did you get that do you remember when did you get that ?
going on the plane yes .
who went on the plane ?
Matthew and me yep and who else ?
yes .
can't play this game what game ?
you can do that game honey .
pointing what ?
oh you're pointing to the train yeah .
pointing to the plane this is the one that it points to remember the bottom .
whoa that was fast .
you should do the train one now .
yep .
now I think I might play I had a car can I use this car ?
did you talk to Erin about what we are you doing tomorrow ?
what are we gonna do tomorrow do you remember ?
oh he doesn't remember but I'm gonna tell him .
tomorrow we're going to a music class .
what did you do last week at the music class ?
hm what did you do last week at the music class ?
well one thing we did is we went like this .
what else did we do at the music class ?
you don't remember last week at the music class we also played with ?
oh I remember what else did did we use these ?
what do you gotta do with this what'd you do last week with that ?
hm maybe we shouldn't do that someone might become angry .
daddy maybe I was thinking of the neighbor lady too .
she could become angry oh that's very quiet .
well last week we went to the music class and they had shake shakes and they had sticks and what did you do with the sticks ?
hm ?
what did you do ?
you moved that car yes you did move that car .
oh that reminds me we were watching a show last night and you know what the guy did ?
remember I'll show Erin and you tell her you ready ?
what did he went like this ?
and what did he do ?
remember he had a ball and he went like this and he got ready and he went ?
he eat the king ?
I was thinking about remember when the guy had the ball and he hit the pins .
and then he he bowled remember we were watching bowling ?
you watching bowling and so what did he do ?
what's this what did he do ?
he was hitting the pins over and if he got three of them in a row remember what happens if you get three strikes in a row do you remember what they call that ?
a turkey you get three strikes ?
watch this ?
well I'm gonna pretend that I'm going to the grocery store .
I'm gonna get my cart and I'm gonna put apple in it and what else should I buy at the grocery store ?
carrot what else should I get at the grocery store should I buy a frog to eat ?
a frog to eat oh yucky I don't wanna eat a frog .
what else could I eat here ?
I'm sposta eat a mousie too ?
what else can I buy to eat ?
an M for Matthew yes .
here's your M remember the two mountains ?
don't bite that off no cause then we wouldn't have it done anymore .
do you remember what did we get at the store store last night the grocery store ?
cookies no I don't think so .
we got juice and what kind of milk did you get ?
we got chocolate milk at the store ?
what kind ?
isn't that gonna hurt your head ?
dump them out .
maybe Erin can play with those maybe .
oh I think you wanna play with these with Erin then you hafta show her what's she gotta do what's she sposta play with them ?
it's a sock ?
is that a sock ?
can you use that for going outside and playing ?
yeah would your feet be really cold ?
is this a sock too ?
do we put this on our feet ?
it's a mitt .
where does it go ?
on what ?
I see .
Erin's hand is too big does it fit your hand Matty ?
what did you do out in the snow today ?
it flyed ?
ooh it's such a beautiful bracelet .
I was remembering you being out in the snow today what did you do out in the snow today with friends ?
hm what did you do did you build a snowman ?
what did you do out in the snow today ?
oh no honey if you throw the toys it's gonna be a messy room .
it's gonna be too messy I don't want you to throw the toys .
do we needta pull this out ?
put it on your head I guess you could .
let's see if it'll work on your head it's sposta be for you're sposta put it on like a backpack .
oh or you could hang it on the lantern that would work .
do you know why Mommy and daddy bought this ?
we bought this cause we were hiking and we were worried about bears so we wore this and then we shake it and then the bears know to go away .
do you wanna pretend we're hiding from the bears ?
okay do you wanna wear the bell or do you want me to wear the bell ?
okay and then when you're gonna walk we're gonna shake it and then hopefully we won't run into any bears .
okay so we gonna go on our hike ?
okay we're gonna look around shake the bell .
alright .
ah there's a bear what should we do ?
it's hide ?
okay let's hide over here and maybe the bear won't see us .
you wanna put that on ?
okay so we're gonna ding the bell and say go away bears .
ooh that fits on your wrist that's great you can wear that as a little bracelet .
are we gonna hide or are we ?
go away bears .
you wanna do one in your tent remember we put your tent away .
why did we put the tent away ?
there was a monster in your tent ?
is that why we put it away ?
go away bears go away .
what if what happens if we run into not a bear but a lion then what should we do ?
hide more right hide again .
there's a lion where ?
ah well we should definitely not be sitting here then the lion gonna come and get us .
should we maybe hide over here huh ?
let's hide over on this part .
oh there could be a_lots lots_of animals that could wanna eat your face .
I'm not a lion .
over there should we go over there ?
you wanna run and hide in your room ?
okay we'll run and hide in your room fast but then we'll come back cause we wanna see Erin .
we'll just run and hide real quick okay ?
I'm not running well that lady gets too angry that's why I'm not running and hiding .
should we bring something back to show Erin ?
bring her something she hasn't seen ?
like these has she seen these ?
she hasn't seen what ?
she hasn't seen that ?
okay you can show her that .
show her that .
is this a book ?
that's a bear .
these are special pictures .
he doesn't put the heat on you're right .
are they cold is this man cold ?
yeah he doesn't put the heat on .
do they have snow inside the building or is the snow outside ?
it's outside .
he's angry him ?
how_about this guy how does he feel ?
he's angry too huh wait a minute let's look at the rest .
that's a ghost yes .
&-uh oh this is stuck here .
you want me to put it where ?
you know what I think it's too small to put on my arm I could put it on my finger .
you can try to put it on my arm sure .
see my arm is much too large .
too big .
alright we have a ghost and then on this page what's this ?
a nice ghost what's he got on his table ?
oh my gosh I just wanna look at the last page cause what happens at the end ?
who gets who gets the teddy bear ?
he what ?
he's still sick right there .
yeah he's still sick .
remember he's the one who hasta have a little crutch he can't walk .
but now at least at the end he has a bear .
that's pretty cool .
and what else he got ?
else he got look ?
look what I can do .
oh_my_gosh you're hanging upside down .
what ?
you want me to let you fall down ?
I can let you fall down on the couch .
okay ready ?
&-uh oh I think you mushed your book .
&-uh oh the guy got mushed &-uh oh .
look what oh no .
he got kinda mushed oh well .
should we close it okay .
you wanna get a new one like that ?
we already got this one used remember ?
daddy bought you that at the used book store .
one of the reasons Erin came back though is because she didn't get to hear the whole story of Shrek so I thought we could tell her it together even_though she's never seen the movie .
you wanna watch it well let's tell her the story and then after she goes we can watch it .
okay once upon a time there was a .
a dragon there was a dragon .
