do you wanna tell Erin about the &-um about the Scooby Doo shows ? 

what happens on the Scooby Doo shows ?
you said Scooby Doo and alien ?
alright tell momma about the Scooby Doo and aliens .
oh you don't have Scooby Doo alien that's true .
what is it about ?
ah well remember there was the men who were pretending to be the aliens .
oh tell her what happens to their car at the beginning of the show .
remember what happens to their car ?
it crashes yeah what does it crash into ?
you don't remember ?
crash into what ?
what does it crash into a cactus do you remember that ?
so we watched the Scooby Doo aliens and also Scooby Doo what ?
Scooby Doo ghosts .
who's ghost ?
who's ghost did we see ?
you don't have too many words today it was the witch's ghost .
the witch's ghost .
was she scary ?
yeah .
and then what is this one about well this is the one oh isn't he the the tar monster .
is he the tar monster ?
yeah .
we've been watching all kinds of Scooby Doo .
who's on Scooby Doo who else who's the other people besides Scooby Doo remember ?
who's his friend ?
is his friend Sammy ?
ghost Scooby Doo yeah and then is there Shaggy ?
so what should we do cause you've been kind of quiet right now what should we do today to play ?
you wanna watch Scooby Doo .
how_about if we get your blocks and then remember we were playing with Princess Fiona and &-um Shrek remember that ?
and your car should we are they all in your car ?
those people are in your car oh is that Shrek right there ?
just Shrek huh ?
then where's Princess Fiona is she in your room ?
okay let's go in your room .
let's kick this kick the book ?
do you remember what's the story in that book you like ?
maybe we'll pick up the book so it doesn't get broken .
it's in there huh ?
oh here's the farm hey what's this guy in there ?
a turtle what's he doing inside ?
he says what what are you doing in here what ?
that's what the turtle said yesterday .
oh where'd that noise come from ?
oh horsies and then here's the turtle .
does he go nee nee nee nee ?
he goes wink wink ?
yeah .
how_about this guy where should he go ?
you're gonna knock him into the farm ?
.
that's a what ?
that's a turtle a turtle where should I make him right here ?
flip him over oh my gosh the poor turtle .
what if the turtle was pretending he was sleeping ?
good night turtle .
now he is asleep .
&-uh oh .
how come he could not fall out ?
oh he's gonna go in there .
should we where are all your blocks ?
should we get oh my gosh what happened to your closet ?
you walked under there ?
oh the blocks are under there oh my gosh we'll hafta check are they ?
if they're under there hm .
under there ?
oh my gosh you sure ?
you want me to move all of them .
how_about we use these blocks can we use these instead ?
cause those I don't wanna pick up all those things .
do you remember what you were looking for inside ah inside your closet before ?
Diesel we do not know where Diesel is .
you know what Erin does not know about the new Diesel you got .
it's a Daisy .
do you know where Daisy is ?
in the couch is she there ?
oh should I go get Daisy ?
no okay .
what should we make ?
a gate ?
okay .
it looks like part of the gate .
this goes next_to it yep .
what is this guy ?
remember the word we were working on what's this one ?
if you look at these two guys and this guy what is this guy ?
remember when well that kinda hard to talk about maybe we'll come across it later .
but remember when there's something that's in the middle what do we call it we say the person is ?
between good job !
you wanna put this in_between them okay .
I think we can do that which one's do you wanna put them in_between ?
that one okay .
that's super funny .
you want it like this okay .
and then if it's in_between then we hafta get another one right ?
like right here is that right ?
you want this one away okay .
now if your on that side should I go on the other side of the gate ?
okay .
close me up ?
are you gonna make a gate all the way around me ?
do you want these blocks ?
so I'm trying to think .
oh no ?
oh where should I sit ?
behind you okay .
behind you okay I'll sit here and you can work on making the gate .
I see your new gate yes I do .
oh no I will not knock it down .
another part .
do you know how many pieces there are in the gate ?
that's a_lot .
what do you think about this one ?
is that the one that goes right there ?
and then there what do you think about this one I kind of like these because this is a little tunnel for ants .
can ants crawl underneath there ?
no ?
you don't want that one in there .
what's that I just dropped it it's okay .
I'm trying to think about what else we've been doing since we saw Erin .
did you tell Erin about when we went to the hotel ?
what did we do at the hotel ?
where did you put all the toys ?
we bring the man yeah he had a little man yeah that's true .
the little man from your new truck .
that is the little man you're right he's up there .
you wanna get him ?
you're gonna close him up inside .
yeah we went to the hotel and did we go swimming at the hotel ?
they don't have a swimming pool that's true .
I know which game did we play when we were in the hotel ?
hide and seek oh it was great !
Matty were you able to jump and run in there ?
he's doing a good job walking on the gate .
he hasta jump over this right .
wow he jumps super high doesn't he ?
he's flying into your helmet ?
there he goes now he's in the helmet .
where does this one go for your gate ?
oh is there sposta be another one like this one ?
do you see anymore red ones like that ?
oh we hafta tell Erin about you being sick we forgot to tell Erin .
do you remember when you were very sick ?
did you hafta stay home from school ?
and what happened at night when you were sleeping ?
you were throwing up on the bed yes you were .
then you threw up on the bed and then where did you go to sleep instead of the bed ?
on the bed ?
Matty go to sleep on the couch .
yeah you put that one next_to it .
you wanna put one on top of the big one here's this one .
how_about this one this goes on top of that big one ?
not yet not time yet ?
oh no what happened to it ?
did you knock that over ?
just the air knocked it over .
and then you want this one right here ?
okay .
will that little man be able to go over the wall ?
look at your gate .
no because he is not tall enough right is he too short ?
oh he can jump super high .
now he's jumping into daddy's helmet .
he falled he sure did .
now we say are you okay do you needta go to the doctor ?
he hasta ride over the gate now ?
oh fly over it .
he went with Shrek in there ?
oh there's the card of Daisy so_that way Erin could just see what Daisy looks like .
what kind of train is Daisy ?
she's a nice we rode on a passenger diesel .
you wanna take the dump truck out I'm gonna come over by you too .
oh my gosh wait what's gonna happen next ?
the dump truck's gonna go over it ?
he can't ?
he can't because why ?
he can't because the diesel's there ?
he can't go over it because the gate is there ?
that's right because the gate is there that's right .
is that a word that we use sometimes because ?
did you say because ?
he almost went over it did you say stop there's a gate ?
he hadta go this way what's he doing to the gate ?
he's going this way yep .
there he goes .
oh I better watch out looks like he's coming by .
is he gonna pick up any passengers or anything ?
there you go .
there he goes .
there's the passenger truck ?
is he gonna unload him now ?
jumped over the gate sure did .
he says wait for me don't go without me .
he got it ?
oh great job he got on before he left .
can anybody else get on is there room for more ?
he says okay wait for me wait for me .
oh is he going in the front ?
what's gonna happen to him ?
he will fall yep .
is that what he says ?
don't go over me yeah you don't wanna get run over by that truck .
he went under him .
is he okay ?
he almost knocked over the gate does he hafta go to the hospital now ?
okay take him to the hospital then .
he went already to the hospital ?
I have something that needs to go can this come with you ?
no ?
how_about Diesel can Diesel come too ?
no ?
I thought that's who Diesel was .
how_about him ?
can I go for a ride please ?
oh thank you .
he's tired of walking .
you put him in the back ?
oh &-um hm .
oh no the gate got broken ?
some guy go there right on the truck .
are they gonna carry these too in_case to build a new gate ?
yeah that would go on top huh ?
oh did you tell Erin about your being sick ?
I tell her well let's see if I can remember .
on Tuesday Matty was sick at school and who was holding you at school during music time ?
Michelle what did you have that you hadta hold ?
I picked up and we watched tv and we played just a little but he was so sleepy we spent most of the day and then what happened when you were sleeping at night time ?
in the bed what happened ?
throwed up yes .
you put this ?
what are you doing with the blocks do you remember what this is called ?
you're putting them on top .
did you stay home today ?
what did you do at school today ?
you did not eat sausages ?
did they have sausages ?
what did they have ?
noodles did you eat those ?
what happens if all of the sudden they said is this the place to dump ?
what if they did not know what if they were locked and they said oh is this the place to dump those bricks ?
where are they gonna be brought to ?
what's the new person gonna do with those ?
put up a new gate .
some guy go on top of cheetah .
what if cheetah just scared what if cheetah says ah let me out I feel mushed ?
is cheetah gonna feel mushed ?
oh put that on top of cheetah okay .
oh my you're going to go into the living room ?
what happened to your bricks ?
they falls .
can I help you put them back in maybe stack them right here ?
here if you drive it I'll put my hand back here .
I'll hold them in the back for you .
yours does have it in the living room ?
it falls .
it's still pretty tricky to get them all there .
what happened ?
you crashed into the wall .
let's go this way into the living room .
we lost this one is this good ?
no ?
you want it moved more ?
I was wondering if maybe you wanted a little ramp or a little slide and then the truck could slide down on it what do you think of that ?
you just want him on top here ?
how_about right there ?
oh you want the plastic thing to protect it in the back ?
okay now where is it going ?
oh is he gonna go on top watch out jelly belly guy ?
he hasta go right there is he gonna help drive ?
&-uh oh your bricks are falling you wanna build right here ?
time to dump now hey there's that Sammy cat .
does he wanna play with the bricks ?
that was a good idea .
he wants to go under there ?
you're not gonna build a gate ?
hum ?
you're gonna put them there .
are you sleepy ?
I'm sleepy should we go to bed after Erin leaves ?
not yet huh soon ?
that goes on top .
so today at school you had noodles .
where did you guys go for a walk ?
not nothing ?
did you not go on a nature walk ?
what ?
oh you did not get anything you did not pick up any snow ?
you did pick up snow did you eat snow ?
did you eat any branches ?
did you see any animals ?
you did a great job with stacking those Matty .
this one wants to come and this one wants to come too ?
they all hafta come huh ?
everybody hasta come anybody else here to come how_about him ?
he's too mean okay we'll leave him .
let's go backwards okay go ahead .
I'm coming to get you !
let's hide them okay he did not get them .
they say oh Diesel is gone now .
I thought you said Daisy was on the couch .
oh she's on the counter .
should I go get her ?
she'll go for a ride too .
he can not go on now ?
lots_of passengers on this truck right now .
are they all gonna be okay or is someone gonna fall off ?
