so I wanna see what one of the meat eaters . 

yeah do you wanna bring this one over sweetie ?
that one's a meat eater ?
wow so it looks like almost all of them are .
how do you know Boo how do you know that they are meat eaters ?
he's plant eater so he would eat those right ?
now which how come this one's kind of different ?
what does this one do that's kinda different ?
oh he flys ?
what does he eat then ?
oh other dinosaurs ?
how do you know that we can't see his teeth so how do you know ?
what was he trying to eat in the movie do you remember ?
trying to eat an egg ?
another dinosaur egg ?
so that's good that's how you know he wants to eat meat .
what did the mommy think when he was trying to eat the egg ?
oh that was the mommy one ?
I wonder what this thing is .
what's that do you know ?
oh it's a mountain ?
hey look are those eggs right there ?
oh so_that way we could pretend that that one's going to eat those eggs .
unless maybe we gotta try to protect the eggs .
yeah bring all those over there I haven't even seen those .
these are cool .
probably a plant eater ?
how much did dinosaurs eat do you think did they eat a lot ?
holy cow that is pretty big .
that's a_lot_of food .
I know .
so are there any other ones over there ?
oh a little triceratops .
what'd you do today at school that maybe got you a little bit cold ?
maybe somebody else .
oh you didn't bring medicine .
do you need medicine now ?
okay that's good .
you guys did something that was fun today at school though that made people maybe a little bit wet .
what was that ?
&-um hm .
what'd you guys do in the rain ?
as this one .
oh my gosh which one might be the mommy one ?
I kinda like that one .
I like his little spikes right there .
he looks kind of mean though do you think maybe he was kind of a mean dinosaur ?
a plant eater oh .
so are the plant eaters nice ones ?
oh .
oh he eats both ?
&-um hm he could be definitely some of them ate both right ?
I like that one too .
he's kind of a cool color .
yeah .
these are neat .
oh look he's hungry Matt he's trying to eat the plants .
well what happens in that dinosaur movie .
&-um hm the big ones chased the plant eating dinosaurs yes that's right .
well what happened in the movie that everybody hadta leave and find another place to live ?
what happened then ?
so I remember what you're saying so it's actually you have almost the word right it's not meat eater it's meteor meteor shower .
that's when the big big meteor came down and went .
what happened when he came down show me again .
and then that's right and then it made a big big big fireball and then they couldn't live there anymore right ?
so then what did they do as a group ?
&-um hm .
where did they find to live ?
&-um hm they were finding a new place .
oh the meteor shower and the big fire thing ?
it's just like here they can't live here anymore right ?
no what would this be like if they lived right on top of there ?
it would fire them yep .
they'd get all burned .
this one reminds me of the one in the movie that remember he's kind of a little he's kind of little like a little dog .
do you remember he kind of looked like that one ?
now do we still have that dinosaur movie ?
no you and daddy did not return it yet ?
huh you guys gotta return it .
we should have it for a few weeks ?
maybe .
that sounds like a good movie .
I think I should watch it .
&-um hm .
that is a good movie .
there's some sad parts in the movie though what are the sad parts ?
you don't remember any sad parts in the movie ?
oh okay that's good .
I know your nose is itchy right ?
well tonight actually you could in some ways you might even wanna see if remember we were going to Walmart ?
you lost your mittens ?
well actually you didn't lose your boots what do you think happened to them ?
you think somebody ended up taking them ?
well actually you know what happened to your boots is that you got too big for them .
they don't fit anymore .
somehow we needta get new ones .
now what was something you did at school today that you needed boots for ?
for the rain yep .
you gotta be really careful because Ryan brought this and you don't want it to get mushed up like it could get ripped right ?
and then these guys would go ah ah my home is all wrecked !
could be that they could turn into a real dinosaur .
what do you think it would be like if we had a dinosaur in our house ?
oh the meat eater could chase us it could happen .
that'd be scary .
what'd you think about if we gotta pick would you want a plant eater at our house or a meat eater ?
we could .
well should we put them oh maybe oh no I won't say that that's too mean .
I was thinking about the mean neighbor from before maybe she would like the meat eating dinosaur .
do you think so ?
yeah maybe .
so &-um I'm trying to think if we've done anything since we saw Ryan .
well this weekend remember we went to stay in a hotel one day what did we do at the hotel ?
we were playing silly sentence yes .
we'll hafta maybe show Ryan that game sometime .
yeah I wanna know how to play that game .
oh yeah ?
what'd you do with the pictures ?
one line okay .
and you make up little sentences with the words and some of them are be silly .
like it might be something like what if it said something like the cat ate a what what would be silly ?
oh my see that would be silly wouldn't it ?
and you can make em anyway you want .
we'll hafta play that sometime .
yeah we could bring it in yeah and play with it sometime .
so we played silly sentences in the hotel and then what else did we do ?
what did we do in our room with our bathing suits ?
you went swimming ?
oh_boy was it inside then ?
oh the water came out_of the jets ?
now see do you know how to swim then ?
yeah ?
how do you do it ?
you just do that ?
he and his daddy useta go swimming a_lot in the summer right ?
oh yeah ?
in the big swimming pool .
there's only one problem with the big swimming pool though at the college .
what's wrong with that ?
it's too cold .
now can you breathe when you are under water ?
no what do you gotta do then ?
oh you just hold your nose ?
do you wanna look for something honey ?
oh my gosh is he going to eat something ?
well if you were a dinosaur what kind of dinosaur would you wanna be a plant eater or a meat eater ?
a meat eater oh_boy .
I think I kind of would too .
you would ?
&-uh I would be a nice one .
a nice one ?
or maybe one that flies .
that would be pretty cool .
how do you hook that on to something ?
&-um I'm not sure if this goes with that .
I'm not really that knowledgeable about farm machinery .
that does ?
oh how do you think it hooks ?
you do it like that ?
okay now what do you do with that ?
oh huh maybe like this ?
would that work ?
oh can it go like that ?
cool .
so how does this work ?
do you remember what this is called ?
I don't know it was sitting out before wasn't it ?
I saw it on the table this morning right ?
weren't we using the money on there ?
I'll just get a couple more coins quick .
or is there anything else that would work on there ?
okay yeah see how that would work .
okay so the little dinosaur then .
okay so_that might be he might be too big for that .
how bout this part would he go on here ?
oh yeah what'd you think of that ?
you wanna be the one ?
okay .
that's how you usually do it ?
so you really do need money right ?
do you want me to go run and get a couple pennies quick ?
okay well let's just run real quick .
what did you do ?
huh you know that reminds me what happened to my knee .
do you remember what happened to my knee ?
I was skating and I hit it yeah .
ouch .
that's another thing he does not know that we did .
we went where did we go ?
oh you wanna show my leg .
what were you skating on ?
yeah what were we skating on ?
wasn't that kind of slippery on the ice ?
okay put your hand there where here at the end ?
oh okay so show me how you gotta do it then .
and then what can I do with the money ?
oh .
okay .
you're the one that does everything ?
aren't I sposta be the one that catches the money though ?
okay so_that can be my job .
okay let's see if I can .
whoa is it broken ?
oh I see .
okay I think it's getting ready .
okay .
I'm just the catcher okay .
so I catch it in my hand and then ?
and then what do we do with it when it's in there ?
well my it fell out already .
what'd they use these for do you know ?
they just hold stuff ?
so did we count how many we had ?
how many did we get ?
you're gonna do everything right ?
oh wait what are you going to do to those things ?
oh I was wondering if you were going to try to keep em .
what can you buy with those ?
it's not very working ?
well that's what I thought .
it sounded like it was getting stuck or something .
it wasn't turning real well .
okay is it coming ?
oh no I wonder if it it's almost like it's not turning real well now .
I wonder what's wrong with it .
who did this useta belong to ?
yeah it might be because it's getting older .
it doesn't turn so well anymore .
yeah that's true .
what do you think farmers put in that ?
do you think farmers collect money in there ?
maybe could be .
so after daddy gets home after supper what did we say we are gonna do ?
do you remember what are we gonna do tonight ?
now you're busy right ?
only two gonna go in there ?
here do you wanna move that over here .
hey I wonder if the dinosaurs would like to play on here .
maybe this could be there new land .
how did they get over there did they just jump or how did they get over to their new land ?
they walked .
oh wow I'm so happy that this is our new land .
what could this part be maybe for the new land ?
oh my the tree is gonna jump over ?
that's amazing .
well that one looks like a scary guy .
&-uh oh you know when they went to that new land they actually didn't have any meat eaters .
do you think the meat eaters should be allowed to come ?
yeah .
oh no he does not wanna get eaten !
he's actually too spiky .
he is protected .
I wanna be this guy right here .
yeah he wouldn't run to very well .
the brontosauruses were really kind of slow too because they were so heavy .
so they would hafta definitely watch out for him .
how could he protect himself do you think the brontosaurus ?
yeah poor poor brontosaurus .
oh that's just a little baby one .
oh no .
now this is his home .
let's say everybody gets there own home .
where's his is his home ?
each one gets a little money ?
oh so just the plant eaters get them ?
yeah so should he get one then ?
I think so .
so just the plant eaters get em .
and then they can buy things or what are they sposta do with the money ?
they don't really get to keep em right ?
now this is a cool thing .
so I think in their new land maybe they want more trees .
he's hungry he's gonna eat this whole tree .
he's gonna eat actually all the trees he says I am so hungry .
should he get to eat all those trees or should he share them ?
that would be nice .
what if he says this is my tree ?
cool so they all got one .
that's a good idea .
well what if this guy comes and tries to scare them all away ?
he says I wanna eat you .
I wanna eat you .
and then what happens Matty ?
and you scoot over there .
you know to get away from that mean one .
is this like that conatour or is he more like a tyrannosaurus ?
yeah I don't really know what kind he is .
he's kind of strange .
look at his back well what do you think about his back ?
he's got a weird back I think .
all the money can go ?
here why don't you scoot over sweety .
so it's if they need one then they just hafta ask and then they wait their turn and then they get one ?
well what if he pretends to be a plant eater ?
what if he says can I have one I'm a plant eater ?
yeah I want one too .
we're plant eaters .
what would you say ?
what if the dinosaur tried to eat this .
yeah that's what I was thinking .
what if the dinosaur wants to eat the money ?
oh you're just gonna hide the money ?
what if he starts chasing you because they really want that money ?
hey you know when I was talking to Ryan earlier today he was telling me that he saw Erin .
he saw Erin .
where'd you see Erin ?
I saw her in town .
in downtown Fredonia .
at the store .
oh at the store .
do you remember doing things with Erin ?
there is one thing I remember that would happen when you would be with Erin .
do you wanna tell Ryan what happened to one of your &-um sandals ?
you lost a sandal ?
how'd ya lose it ?
oh yeah ?
okay and then what happened ?
how did you loose your sandal in the wagon ?
oh you just dropped it out .
did it fall off your foot ?
it was a mystery .
and then we looked all over for it but we never found the sandal .
oh no .
what else did you and Erin useta do ?
you did ?
you useta play the chase game with Erin ?
well tell Ryan how you useta play the chase game .
he doesn't know the chase game .
okay .
well you gotta tell him you gotta tell him Boo .
because he doesn't know if he can't see you so you gotta stay here and just say how you do it .
you just run ?
okay so you're the runner and then what am I sposta do ?
I just run with you .
what happens if I catch you ?
oh they're like the winner .
now how am I sposta grab you when I catch you ?
like this ?
got ya is that how you do it ?
that sounds like a fun game .
I don't know .
maybe this dinosaur ate it .
oh there's some in there .
I don't know how many were there ?
good job !
thank you for counting my money .
they're yours ?
well then my finger will fall through .
will my finger fall off ?
oh is that my job okay .
let me see this money here want me to catch em ?
put my hand right there ?
now you know your tortoise kind of looks like a dinosaur .
yeah he does .
now is he a meat eater ?
plant eaters ?
oh okay that'd probably be a good idea .
a person's head .
what does your tortoise eat ?
tomatoes and lettuce ?
that sounds good .
sweet ones ?
sweet potatos .
yeah you know what that one day what did daddy let you do with the sweet potato ?
he let you cut it with a knife yes .
was it a little plastic one ?
well what kind of knife ?
a real knife yeah .
one that you use to butter things .
Matty does a really good job taking care of his turtle .
what do you hafta do to take care of your turtle ?
you cook his food ?
oh my gosh .
&-uh oh that one's gone .
how many do we have left now ?
I think we just have four now cause one's lost .
do you have one Matty ?
how many'd you get just one ?
yeah .
