do you think that this could be from the second Harry Potter movie ? 

it could be you know why because are there any new people that we don't know ?
and here's Harry .
who else do you see that you know ?
that's Hermione .
you know who this is .
Voldemorte .
you know this does say that is from the the a slime chamber which I don't remember a slime chamber from the first movie .
do you ?
no .
I think this is from the second movie let's see .
it says Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone so I'm not sure but I don't remember a slime chamber .
I wonder I'm not sure if Ryan ever saw Harry Potter .
I saw the end of it and that's all .
what happens in Harry Potter ?
he has not seen that movie he does not know anything about it .
no .
is it a funny movie ?
you don't know about Harry Potter either ?
what happened to our Harry Potter video ?
it got thrown away ?
how'd that happen ?
oh okay .
yeah he was having what were you doing that was not so good at school ?
hurting kids at school so then we hadta put the Harry Potter video away .
this one right here I'm trying to get him out .
I didn't realize they were all tied in here .
hey I have a question for you though before we play with these .
what is something that you did since the last time I saw you that maybe you got some candy or something ?
oh there's that thing ?
do you wanna take that part out too ?
you can take it out .
so do you know what Ryan asked you ?
what is something that you did since we last saw Ryan that you got some candy ?
so did you do something a couple of days ago where maybe you dressed up ?
yeah what was that ?
oh it's called Halloween ?
what'd you do ?
you did did you get lots_of candy ?
how'd you get it did you just find it ?
nope what did you hafta do ?
oh and they just give you candy then ?
oh you do ?
well that sounds like fun .
what was your costume ?
what was your costume ?
a fireman oh_boy .
yeah we can open that one .
yeah it looks like there is something that might go on the back of it .
we'll hafta see if there's any directions or anything .
oh yeah see I think you can make him fly .
yep I think that part goes right in there .
so you think that it must be from the second Harry Potter movie because they did not have this in the first movie ?
so_that might be a good idea .
so you know I was trying to remember the Harry Potter movie too .
it was a while ago since we saw it .
how do you put this in the back of here ?
I wonder does it have does it show a little bit ?
it looks like you put it in oh you had the idea Matty .
it seems like it would go in here I think that was a good idea .
well maybe it just sticks in there a little bit .
now what is this game what is he doing her even ?
he's playing hookage ?
he's trying to what's he got in his hand ?
do you see anything that he's got in his hand ?
so how do you play Quidditch ?
what are you sposta do in Quidditch ?
you hafta get the golden snitch .
so what happens to Harry in the movie ?
you're trying to what ?
what do you think that's for ?
I don't know I think that one goes for that guy ?
was there a little ball that went with him ?
I'm not sure .
these are some very interesting things .
there is a ball there okay .
what are you sposta do with the ball do you remember ?
oh it's stuck in there okay .
okay what're you sposta do ?
you hafta stretch it like this maybe ?
wow oh I see that's how you make him fly .
what do you think does that look like flying ?
cool I see so that's how you do it .
and then George it seems that he just rides on this .
do you think you would like to fly like that ?
I think I might be a little scared .
you would ?
the ball is stuck in there ?
it is stuck in there .
did you get it out ?
no it is stuck .
so when Harry Potter plays Quidditch how does he win the game ?
he tries to get the golden snitch ?
well what happens do you remember when we saw the movie what happened when he's flying on his broom and he was trying to catch the golden snitch what happened to the broom ?
do you remember when it was shaking ?
yes I don't know if you saw that part actually .
it was shaking because_of Voldemorte right .
well he's gotta try and hit the ball through the hoop .
can you do it ?
umkay here I'll be the batter go ahead .
alright now you've gotta hit it through the hoop .
that seems pretty hard doesn't it ?
almost .
me neither what is that thing ?
that silly he does not have that in the movie does he ?
very interesting .
there were a whole bunch of things like I don't remember this guy from Harry Potter do you ?
no way I don't remember him at all .
there makin up all these different characters .
so we went trick or treating what else did you do ?
there was another thing that you did since you saw Ryan it was something for where you were walking and you had your costume on .
do you remember that ?
you were walking and you had your costume on and Roman was Buzz Light Year .
what were you guys doing when you were walking ?
you know ?
what ?
you know something we can do ?
I don't know where did it go ?
oh there it is .
what's that ?
it's just a raisin oh okay .
so_that is what we need right .
so how do we do it show me .
oh cool .
so we had one day where you went to the parade and then you also went to somebody's Halloween party .
who's Halloween party ?
who's the girl in your class who had the Halloween party ?
.
so you were in a parade ?
I've never been in a parade before .
what was that like ?
I think we're learning that he is distracted .
he can't do things sometimes .
do you wanna play with these toys Matty ?
alright so I'm gonna be George .
my job is to hit the ball through the hoop .
but now I hafta run away because who's gonna be chasing George ?
who would be chasing George and then he would be scared ?
could be .
so George is gonna help help Voldemorte's chasing me .
so he's gonna hide over here .
so what's Harry Potter gonna do ?
is he gonna go save him he might .
what do you think do you think he should try to go save George ?
okay let's do that .
so George is hiding cause Voldemorte is coming .
so he's hiding and he says Harry help me help me .
so what does Harry do ?
he goes and helps him .
you want me to fly him ?
on to the what ?
&-uh oh he's stuck .
yeah that's what happened poor Harry got stuck .
okay so maybe let's just have him fly you can fly without this part right ?
so how's he gonna go and save George ?
and then George would say is it safe to come out ?
yes ?
well okay I'll come out but wait wait wait Voldemorte's right here !
Harry come here Voldemorte is going to bother us you gotta come here .
okay now we're trapped .
what're we gonna do how're we gonna get out ?
back up alrighty .
so how are we gonna get out without Voldemorte seeing us ?
just fly ?
well I'll follow you Harry you seem to have a good idea .
that's a_lot_of flying .
where is he landing now ?
he's landing right on the tractor ?
now can they drive the tractor ?
oh well that's a cool idea .
how_about they fly so they make the tractor fly too .
cool wouldn't that be neat if they could have a flying tractor ?
you don't remember that guy in it either ?
the other sheet ?
it's by Ryan .
yeah I didn't see that guy in the movie .
that's the guy that's one of the guys who gives him his money .
no no no he's one of the professors he's one of the teachers .
he actually I remember him from the movie .
I think he stands on that cause he's really short .
you don't remember him or that either ?
it's silly that they have in there hand .
so that's what he's doing in_order_to try to get away from Voldemorte ?
oh I see .
well let's see .
he's a mean one ?
yeah he's mean too you're right .
he does not like Harry Potter very much .
he's not evil like Voldemorte though .
I don't remember this guy oh oh oh yeah yeah yeah you remember who this guy is ?
what is this game what do they use for this ?
remember when they're playing chess ?
.
I can fly faster than you Harry I'm a faster flyer than you .
you're trying to hide in the guitar ?
is that a good hiding spot ?
let's see if we can find a good hiding spot for him .
oh that's a good idea .
is that a good place for them to hide ?
what's goin on with your thing ?
they're getting stuck in there ?
where's your George is he missing ?
I was afraid George was missing .
so they were hiding from Voldemorte for a while right ?
now what are they gonna do ?
I know is he is he stuck now ?
is he flying upside down almost ?
you know I was gonna tell you Ryan does not know about somebody that is coming to visit us .
who's coming to visit us in a couple of weeks ?
can you tell him about them coming ?
where do they live ?
how many ways do they live ?
they live far they live in Wisconsin .
wow and they're coming to visit you ?
how are they gonna get here ?
they're actually not gonna fly do you know any other way to get here ?
yep they're gonna drive .
what are they gonna do when they are here ?
fly with broomsticks ?
what would you like them to do while they're here ?
you don't see that thing on the back of this broomstick ?
I'm not sure what that's for oh maybe it so you can help it stand .
so he can be like catching the Quidditch .
so we should think about what we wanna do when grandma and grandpa come .
didn't you make a list today what was list about at school today ?
going on a trip right so tell me what you put on that list .
okay .
so what did you actually put on the list what kinds of stuff do you needta bring on the trip ?
everything .
like your turtle would you bring your turtle with you ?
oh it's a tortoise .
there are things I can connect these too ?
really ?
you've been watchin a new movie this week that also Ryan never saw .
.
well what's that movie about ?
oh I think I might know something that it's about .
remember one time I brought some other toys over to play with ?
do you remember what they were ?
you remember what Ryan brought you to play with that one day ?
it was a long time ago .
yeah is that maybe what that movie is about ?
where are the dinosaurs going in the movie ?
remember where is the place that they gotta try to go ?
the great ?
the great valley ?
why did they hafta go to the great valley ?
was there something maybe sad that happened in the Land Before Time ?
what_about mommy ?
you don't remember ?
what happened to his mother in the movie ?
who's your favorite dinosaur in that movie ?
the scariest meat eater's your favorite .
you know who I liked in that movie too was I can't remember if I got the name right but was it Peatry ?
and what did Peatry do how did Peatry get around ?
stand on somebody's head .
Little Foot's head .
what is Peatry sposta do ?
isn't it right at the end where's he able to fly right ?
wait is that just the broomstick ?
oh my gosh it flies all by itself ?
Matty come back please .
cause we're playing still in here .
so what were we talking about I forget ?
oh so we were watching that one movie .
and then there's Little Foot and there's also Peatry who else is in that movie ?
I remember Duckey now .
what does Duckey always say ?
Duckey has something silly to say .
yuppie tree ?
we also watched remember the one that was Jurassic Park ?
ooh what was that movie like ?
people were getting eaten by the scary dinosaurs yep it's true .
because we never saw the movie before we got the toy .
what movie is that toy from ?
Dinosaurs there's another movie you call Dinosaurs .
that's the name of the one movie we've been watching a_lot of dinosaur movies right ?
I heard something about The Land Before Time what did the meat eater try to do ?
now where did those leaves come from Matty I haven't seen those before ?
I know it seems like it's getting older it's not holdin up real well .
where did we laminate them ?
the school ?
well now that we've had Halloween what's the next big holiday ?
where you get toys what would you say it's ?
not today is it Christmas today ?
no .
how bout the next day nope .
what is usually going on outside when it is Christmas time ?
what do you do in the snow that's fun ?
play what do you play ?
sometimes I build something in the snow do you know what that is ?
snowman .
you did that a couple times .
well how would you make his face and his arms and everything ?
oh so you thin the snow around to make his body up sometimes I would put a carrot for his nose .
