so what'd you do at school today ? 

you had a pretty good day ?
well that's good .
is that your kazoo ?
oh you already showed it to him .
oh yeah he hasn't seen how this is .
oh yeah what is this ?
caterpillar oh okay .
whoa look at that .
add and subtract ?
can you dance like that ?
what is that Boo ?
look he says one plus one is what ?
so can you press two ?
and do they have the second one there ?
we'll just do one more and then maybe we'll play a game .
nine minus seven so this is nine okay .
now I'm gonna take away seven how many are left ?
two again ?
how come it's two again ?
nine minus seven is two .
you got it .
you gonna turn it off ?
now when did we get that ?
oh Allison gave it to us actually Angie did .
oh is Angie your friend ?
she's my sister she's your aunt .
oh your aunt okay .
well you have a nice Aunt then huh ?
you know what I think we should do today Matty ?
I think we should have a tea party .
cool idea .
what do you think about that ?
I haven't had a tea party in a long time .
cool let's do that .
do you know where's the rest of them Matty ?
remember when was the last time you played with those ?
&-uh huh so what'd you and daddy do with them ?
oh okay .
so the other ones are sticky from jello can I look ?
maybe daddy washed them .
can I check and see ?
did you make jello then ?
oh you got it at the store ?
that's pretty neat .
so I kind of forget how you have a tea party .
you know I don't really know either cause wasn't it you and daddy who played ?
how do you have a tea party ?
why don't you come over here ?
you put water in the cups do we use real water ?
just pretend okay .
so you put water in the cups what else do you do ?
so let's see now whose plate is whose ?
I would like some water please .
oh good I was so thirsty .
that's some good water .
I don't really want water can I have soda please ?
oh I think this one .
you know I think I want soda too .
can I have some soda ?
that's some good soda .
so what do people usually eat at a tea party ?
you don't know ?
do they eat these ?
you're just gonna eat it yourself huh ?
well what do people usually have at a tea party what would be good to eat do you think ?
bears ?
whoa this is a crazy tea party .
tea party's over ?
well let's see now I don't want any bears what other things do you got at this restaurant ?
the last thing you have is gumballs you don't have anything else ?
do you have any french fries ?
I'd kinda like some french fries .
oh thank you .
that's a good french fry .
and for me what else do you got ?
ah what's that ?
a wolf to eat ?
well I am pretty hungry okay I'll guess I'll eat the wolf .
what are these anyway what are these for ?
oh but what are they for what would you say good for what ?
okay so seeing stuff that is very far from stuff okay .
what do you see ?
oh I see daddy comin home .
do you wanna tell Ryan about the game how you do the pet shop game ?
okay .
you wanna show him that game Chutes and Ladders .
let's see what one is it ?
let's see this one right here ?
it's the bottom one okay .
this looks like a pretty neat game .
is that the right one ?
okay .
can you explain how you play this game ?
okay .
okay well can I just decide where I'm gonna be can I just decide that I'm gonna be right here ?
how do you know where to go ?
okay you hafta start right here and then and then there's only two people so what'd we do now ?
the spinner oh okay .
well what_about Ryan playing ?
or is he gonna be this one ?
hey thank you .
which one did you just give Ryan ?
a who's in that one ?
okay now what ?
actually you know you're very lucky because when you start here and you hop to one you get to go up here up the ladder .
how come that girl gets to go up the ladder ?
oh because she did a good job .
yeah she was carrying those and then she hadta go down the chute .
how come she hadta go down the chute ?
okay now what do we do you already went so now what happens next in the game ?
now I spin ?
I got a one too .
so now I'm right here and you're right there do I push you over ?
no ?
what am I sposta do ?
just stand next_to each_other okay .
Ryan's turn .
oh I got a one too .
so do I go all the way up this ladder ?
okay .
we're all on the same spot .
okay now what happens .
now these get tricky because you gotta go in a certain direction so this would go how_about I count each one one two three four .
now what's happening to the little girl in this picture ?
is that a good thing ?
is it my turn ?
what happens if the dog's licking you ?
yeah you get germs from the dog .
one two okay so I'm behind you right ?
oh I got two too .
there we go .
you were counting the squares but you gotta count these squares so one two .
where are you going big guy ?
you were right here you just gotta go one two just follow the squares .
you're right there with the boy .
is he getting real small here ?
what's going on here ?
he's getting real bigger there ?
which one what ?
oh wait it's my turn .
which one will people get that's your question huh ?
I got the four one two three four .
look we're together .
here will you spin it for me one time ?
alright I got two one two .
I'm on the dog again .
okay your turn again Matty if you still wanna keep goin .
alright now what ?
you're counting the squares but you gotta count em across so it's one two right there .
six one two three four five six .
oh no what happened to me ?
so what happened in that picture ?
he fell on the ice and then ?
oh yeah .
actually that's interesting that's actually from Allison my other sister .
so this one's from Allison and that one's from Angie .
wow what do you do with that ?
what do we sometimes do with that puppet ?
we do races are we still playin this game ?
you were just like runnin the races ?
oh I got six .
where am I ?
oh wait hold on Ryan's sposta go .
okay what'd you get Matty ?
six ?
check out that number again .
oh yeah okay .
you're kinda counting the little actually they're called rungs on the ladder but actually you hafta go this way so you were right here so one two three oh no .
no he got here he got past that one some how ?
I don't know who do you think might be a winner ?
I don't know it's too early to tell .
it's up to you .
what do I hafta do I landed right there what do I hafta do ?
I hafta go down there ?
so how come that boy hasta go down the slide and he did not do good job ?
what's he doing there ?
now you had asked me if we were going to play the whole game do you wanna play the whole game or do you wanna do something different ?
I don't know .
well there was something interesting last night that was almost like you got a bunch of new presents .
what did you find in the basement ?
books in the basement ?
no I didn't bring the bunny book .
it's still in your mailbox I bet .
that's okay we got the other remember we have the other one in the bigger book so if we really wanna read it tonight we can just read the other version right ?
but yes where did those books come from besides the basement ?
&-um hm I don't know if he knows who Katie and Cody are .
no .
are they your uncle ?
is Cody your grandpa ?
remember what is he he's your ?
cousin .
now I was just thinking about something that Ryan probably does not know about and that is the other night you had that very interesting dream .
about Land Before Time do you wanna tell Ryan what happened in your dream ?
it was a very interesting dream .
he woke up in the morning and he said Momma I had this dream .
what was in the dream ?
tell about the dream .
dinosaurs ?
and what was interesting about the dinosaurs though in your dream ?
they go to the Great Valley but you told me about how you were in the dream .
you were a Longneck ?
that is so cool .
and then how_about some of your other friends ?
you forget which one is Sarah well you told me it was Ricky .
you don't remember who's Sarah's daddy I think it was Casin or Jackson I don't remember .
Casin .
it was a very interesting dream yeah .
now you know you told Ryan about going to get your new little toy at the at the at the you know your new little kazoo did you tell him what else you saw at the museum ?
snow ?
now what was it doin ?
oh okay .
they have play there ?
oh a play there that's right you went and saw a play there .
I don't really know what the play was about though what was the play about ?
oh so the play was about snowflakes .
and then you also made something there too .
what'd you make ?
oh you gotta make a snowflake .
how'd you make it ?
what did you use ?
you forget well was it made out_of real snow ?
what would happen if it was made out_of real snow ?
melt .
you know I don't think we've seen Ryan since we've been since you and I and daddy went to the Nature Class .
remember that day and we made some things for the birds and animals ?
what'd we make there ?
well one thing I'll give you a little hint it's something that was kind of silly because we can eat it too for breakfast .
cereal ?
what'd we do with the cereal ?
we put it on string &-um hm .
so we put it on the string and then what'd we do with it ?
okay .
what does it say ?
oh can I give you a hint ?
it's June .
June ninth .
can you guess how old he's gonna be ?
how old are you gonna be ?
ten ?
three right now .
so then you're gonna be six right ?
oh just four yep .
you're getting very big huh ?
we did maybe about a month ago or so we were talked about your birthday and we were thinking about whether you would have wanted to have a party where people came over or maybe just take a good friend and go to the zoo .
what do you think you would like to do for your birthday ?
so you were thinking that if a_lot_of people might think about coming to the party ?
and you think that only one really should come ?
you don't want a_lot of people arguing about the toys that people are playing with ?
well if you only gotta invite one friend what would you do ?
you're gonna invite Marissa well that would be nice .
that would be nice .
is that a plan ?
how are we gonna let Marissa know about it ?
oh so you have a_lot of good ideas .
so you think that she would be thinking about coming and then you wanna get a map so_that you can know where her house is and then you're gonna bring her the card ?
sounds like a good plan .
you don't think it will be a day when you go to school ?
it won't be it will be after school ends .
you usually finish school in the middle of May and then comes June so you'll be out a good while before your birthday is .
what is that ?
whoa I should move I don't know if I wanna be by that .
what kind of things can this pinchie do ?
well why don't you tell Dr Weist what the pinchie can do .
what can the pinchie do ?
it could or how bout this can it pinch this can it hold it ?
let's see here .
is that someone what's going on with that noise outside ?
hey thank you .
I don't think he'd want that .
can it pick stuff up ?
he look at that that's cool .
well what'd you think ?
it seems like it could be a what what do these seem to be maybe ?
what are those things it starts with an M .
we call them ?
metal sticks ?
what attracts metal what are the things that can pick up the metal ?
remember you got a whole box of em what are those called ?
magnets yeah .
so you think that's what's goin on there's a magnet here ?
I think what it is is that when you grab it here let's show your nose in here so we can talk about this okay .
all it does is it just mushes the thing like this brings these little arms together and it mushes the things .
that's why you can stick em in .
well you know I was thinking , something very interesting happened yesterday morning with our garbage .
do you remember what happened with our garbage ?
it fell over .
how'd it fall over ?
by all the wind but then so our garbage fell over and then what ended up happening to all our garbage ?
oh he did that was nice .
you're right he throws the garbage .
have you seen how that works ?
yeah .
it's very interesting .
so it picks it up and it picks up the garbage can but then it puts the garbage can back down .
what happens to the garbage ?
okay .
yeah we were waiting looking out our window to see what would happen to our garbage because it had blown over and the man helped us just like Matty said .
that was nice that he helped you huh ?
the Thomas video ?
oh that's in the other room you can tell .
that was such a funny thing .
one weekend we went to a party and they were showing the Thomas movie and then we went to somebody's house for dinner and they were showing the Thomas movie .
I don't even think Ryan's ever seen the Thomas movie though .
no what's it about ?
trains ?
&-um hm so what happens with the trains ?
pretty much .
so there's a mean one named Diesel and he wants to blow up all the trains .
what do the other trains do ?
what do they usually do in the movie the trains ?
they pretty much just work and drive around .
have you ever seen a train before a real one ?
you heard it ?
we heard one once .
have you ever been on a train ?
where were we going ?
&-um hm you were small then so I don't know if you remember much about going on that trip you were only two .
do you remember anything about going on that train trip ?
do I remember ?
I remember that one time you screamed really loud and this lady screamed cause you scared her .
remember that ?
she thought that you were like really sick or something but you were just goofing around and you screamed .
why'd you scream ?
I don't know why did you scream ?
just to goof around yeah I think so .
so when Ryan leaves can we watch the Thomas movie ?
maybe but I hafta go back to work though remember to go get a poster .
what'd you think ?
I do not really want Squibber on my head please .
well what should we do we only have a couple more minutes .
what would you like to play with ?
you wanna build the dinosaur real quick okay .
oh okay well should we take out the pieces ?
is that how we usually start ?
is it what a Longneck ?
it's sposta be a brontosaurus yeah .
does that fit in there ?
how'd you put those pieces in ?
yep you got it you got it you did it .
so which piece does it connect ?
it looks like it you're right on I think .
let's see here .
oh maybe too big .
oh you got an idea ?
maybe we should try it on the floor first cause I think trying to build it up is actually harder .
cause what's this part ?
okay so where might the leg go ?
do you see a place where the leg could go in this puzzle ?
like one of these two maybe ?
I think well does it fit ?
let's check oh I see sometimes what do you hafta do to the piece ?
turn it around .
turn it around okay now what else ?
you're gonna build him standing up okay but it looks like he needs another leg .
where's another leg ?
sure .
you'll like that better than his first idea which was that you guys were gonna play that chase game .
yeah you decided not to cause then your daddy's back would hurt more yeah that could happen .
so I wonder if this one might be a good one for a leg let's see .
I found it I found it .
hey that's pretty neat .
now he can stand up .
is it standing up right now ?
what's gonna happen to this ?
where's his head ?
does he have a head at all ?
that is a small part .
yeah what part could that be for ?
look at that does that fit in there ?
what is the thing about the brontosaurs they have long necks but they also have long what ?
yeah so I wonder if that could be a tail part .
are we missing any pieces too ?
this is a tricky puzzle do you remember who'd you get this puzzle from ?
is this gonna go in there somewhere you think ?
there's gotta be something that goes in the middle .
cause there's a big whole .
maybe this dinosaur does not have a stomach .
that would be a silly dinosaur huh ?
oh maybe Ryan has an idea .
oh maybe this could work look look look .
is there another piece that can go on the other side then ?
how_about that one can that one work ?
hey you got it good job .
now where does this one go you think ?
you wanna try a different piece ?
you wanna do something different ?
okay we'll work on it some other time .
it's a tricky puzzle I think .
it's a neat puzzle .
well you know we actually did get a new movie this weekend that we rented remember that hasta go back in a couple of days remember it's Land Before Time and the ?
the mysterious ?
island okay what happens in that movie ?
well it's so interesting in the beginning they're in their homes and who comes and eats the food ?
the leaf gobblers .
the leaf gobbler ?
the leaf gobblers come and eat all the food and what do the dinosaurs hafta do then ?
go to a different island and break up all the sweaters ?
why do they gotta do that ?
just kidding I see .
cause what ?
are you making up a silly thing about the sweaters ?
well I think that we might needta put that last piece away don't you think ?
yeah you don't wanna lose em .
hey what is this ?
oh this is the information about it .
if you flip it over that's what it says .
who usually would hide in the cushions ?
cats yeah or maybe a little boy .
does your cat hide in the cushions ?
why you wanna rip it ?
yeah but this is the thing that grandpa Dale wrote about your special puzzle .
you don't want it ?
what if we forget what kind of dinosaur it makes ?
okay so you would just watch a show and figure it out ?
alright okay so if you really don't want it I just don't like to rip things up usually that seems kind of mean .
I don't know why was the daddy hiding in the cushions .
do you think Grandpa Dale can hear you ?
who's the only one that probably knows that you're ripping that up ?
Ryan and you and me and anybody else ?
God probably maybe .
and Jesus but grandpa Dale is not one of those people right ?
should we call up grandpa Dale and tell him ?
grandpa Dale &-uh &-uh I hafta tell you something .
here you tell him .
you're sorry you ripped the comic up ?
well why did you rip it up ?
you didn't want it anymore okay .
well did you have a good day at school Matty ?
pretty good .
tell me about shape man .
Ryan doesn't know how the song goes the shape man song .
no how does it go ?
oh you do not .
now what's shape man made out_of ?
well what kind of shapes ?
semicircle .
yeah .
and he has a circle named after him .
sure Samicircle right ?
Samicircle Samicircle .
oh a space shuttle cool .
what do space shuttles do ?
oh I did not know you remembered that .
why do you think it crashed ?
I don't think it wanted to crash .
that is sad .
did you know there were people in there ?
yeah it wasn't just a space shuttle it had seven people in it .
it is not good that it crashed it is very sad .
they all died yes .
no kids they were all adults they were all astronauts .
all the what ?
all the astronauts died yeah it seems like maybe it burned up when they were coming back from outer space .
yeah that's very sad I wish that did not hafta happen .
why because we hafta hide your face .
we hafta hide your face now .
where'd you go ?
oh there you are I lost you for a second .
it has been so cold out hasn't it been ?
do you wear your boots when you go outside ?
yep that's probably a smart idea .
I don't know I'm not even sure it was going today .
oh yeah it's still going see look look look that's how much is left that tiny tiny bit at the end .
once that is all finished and there is no more on this side then it's all done .
what should we tell Dr Weist before it finishes ?
yeah .
okay what else ?
what would Dr Weist be interested in ?
I think he likes he likes to hear about what you did at school .
what did you do today anything fun ?
you what ?
oh my well today was a strange day for Matty at school because they had no lunch .
no lunch ?
they had no lunch .
they did oh what'd they have for lunch ?
rice and what ?
you can eat chicken now ?
Lilly can eat chicken now how come she could not eat it before ?
how do you know she can eat it now ?
now do you stay inside all day when you're at school ?
oh you go outside ?
is it cold out when you go out ?
yeah what kind of things do you do when you're outside ?
you make funny faces ?
oh my what were you doing when I picked you up today ?
so Lilly was pulling you and you were pulling Marissa .
I did see that and what did Marissa say just before you left ?
she said Matty goodbye .
no remember what she said ?
she said Matty she would like to what tomorrow ?
can you play with me yep that's what she said she said can you play with me tomorrow ?
and what did you say ?
&-um is there any extra oh we gotta think of something really good to say to Dr Weist oh &-um &-um &-um .
you wanna tell him what we're gonna do on Friday night ?
and remember what it hasta do with it hasta do with ice and we go and watch people on the ice .
oh well close .
hockey what happens at the hockey game ?
oh yeah people hit the puck with their stick and then what happens during the middle when it's time when they're taking a break ?
what comes out onto the ice ?
the Home Depot ?
close it's a Zamboni .
what does the Zamboni do ?
oh what does the guy on the Zamboni do sometimes ?
throws out presents onto the ice .
that's pretty neat .
I don't know then I think he could throw them pretty far though he probably won't throw em on the ice .
what'd the hockey players wear ?
do they wear like sneakers ?
oh ice skates okay .
and what do they try to hit the puck into ?
into the net ?
yep it's just about done .
so they do they hit it into the net and then they say great job and they get a goal .
but you know what there's a part of it where somebody might do something called what ?
what happens if you trip someone for example ?
