so let's see where could this be plugged in ? 

oh wait let me turn off this .
what do we have this for Matty ?
do you remember why we put that why we started using this humidifier ?
cause he was getting dried out yes .
oh okay .
if you want sure .
he can walk around .
should we take him out ?
okay .
really .
in the cage he just looks what Matty ?
oh I see he doesn't change much when you take him .
but why do you think Ryan might wanna see him ?
what would be the good thing about taking him out_of the cage ?
oh I see .
I do think he is very cute .
yep that's true cause we could compare them right ?
should we compare them to see how big he is in real life versus on the puzzle ?
where is that puzzle ?
let's see here so what do you think about him here versus in the puzzle ?
yeah he's quite a bit smaller .
but he kind of looks cuter .
another thing that's interesting what else do you see that looks different ?
if we take it out_of the bag you might be able to notice something that I was noticing .
what do you think about the color of him in here versus right there where he's walking ?
he looks a little different as the one right there yeah .
I think he looks more yellow in real life .
what do you think ?
you wanna do the puzzle right now ?
well okay we'll watch your tortoise to make sure he doesn't crawl around too much .
what's wrong with those ?
they're stuck together .
I think cause it's a new new puzzle .
isn't it new ?
they just made it and we just opened it .
now this is going to be a tricky puzzle I think because look at this .
what_about the colors on all these pieces ?
what do you think about the colors ?
they're not the same as that one but they're all the same as each_other .
see like is this part of the tortoise ?
is this part of the tortoise ?
a_lot_of the pieces look the same this is going to be a tricky puzzle .
which way should we do it should we do it facing you ?
should we try to do it that way ?
do you see any pieces that might go on the top ?
see that's another problem we don't have a picture to follow do we ?
so I'm wondering we haven't seen Ryan since before Christmas time .
that was quit a while ago wasn't it ?
so what did you get for Christmas ?
you'll show us ?
okay .
what is that ?
a leap pad ?
well what does a leap pad do ?
can you show Ryan what it does ?
I have not seen one of those before .
look at that .
yeah .
so it has all kinds of stuff .
so what does it do besides read ?
what do you think ?
okay so this does all kinds of stuff .
it can do stuff like read it can play games .
oh wow .
what's this story about ?
oh I turned it off .
what's this story about do you remember ?
do you remember what happens to this girl ?
what else did you get for your birthday ?
goodbye we can play it later Boo .
what else did you get for your oh not birthday did you hear me say your birthday ?
was it for your birthday ?
wow how do you work that ?
oh yeah that is very interesting .
what do you do with it ?
oh is it on ?
I don't know Boo what'd you think ?
what could be going wrong with it honey ?
oh you know what remember daddy says that sometimes sometimes the batteries will get loose .
do you think that's what's going on ?
it's still not working though .
what do you think is wrong with it Matty ?
well anyway what's it sposta do ?
oh it's sposta make sounds ?
like so every time like if you were to hit that it would make a sound ?
wow let me see that .
so what did you do on Christmas ?
tell me a little about that .
yes we did have a tea set party .
what else did we do on Christmas ?
oh well what is that ?
but but what do we do when there's no M and M's ?
okay .
do you have some ?
you know you did get a_lot for Christmas .
was it fun was Christmas day a_lot_of fun ?
yeah .
so I don't know if Ryan remembers from when he was small about what happens on Christmas Eve .
what did we do for Santa who was coming to our house ?
and what else did we leave him ?
did he eat the cookies that you left him ?
he did ?
he was probably very happy that you left him something to eat .
yeah and where does he live ?
why does he get hungry ?
okay now we can see how this works .
oh my gosh .
that is interesting .
so let's see should we get some for Ryan and then he can have some too .
maybe he needs to see how you do it again .
how do you do it again ?
interesting .
I'm gonna try one then .
I'll take a green one .
so how does Santa get to your house then ?
okay .
now what is the interesting thing that happens with Santa and time ?
yeah why does he hafta change back the time .
why do you think he needs a_lot_of time ?
to get to everybody's house ?
yep .
nope I think that's enough you probably had snack at school .
we just hadta take some M and M's out so we could learn how to use this again .
so you know what I don't think Ryan knows about the play you were in .
you were in a play ?
at your church ?
and what was your part in the play ?
were you little baby Jesus ?
what did you hafta do ?
you were a little sheep ?
for the play he hadta turn them on and off ?
and what was my job ?
so what were the things we said in the play ?
did we talk a whole bunch or were we mostly just standing in the play ?
yeah it was just a couple stuff .
well you had special things that you hadta say that I could not say .
what were you sposta say when you were walking up ?
right and then we sang a song too .
oh are some of them still stuck in there ?
here let's try let's try pushing em out .
oh there the rest of them come .
so you did sing a song .
he did so good .
you knew almost all the words right ?
remember what song it was ?
away in a manger .
do you remember how it goes ?
do you remember any parts of it ?
good job you do remember that .
you know another thing we did since we saw Ryan is we went to Toronto .
do you remember what we did in Toronto ?
oh that sounds good .
well that's pretty neat .
what's that for Matty ?
yeah what do you use that for ?
in the car it took a long time ?
I didn't even know there was stuff in there .
what's in there ?
oh nothing in there right now .
&-uh oh is your hand stuck in there ?
are you okay ?
let's take it out .
who are those people on the front there ?
Sully okay .
and Boo okay .
and Mike okay .
yep oh you're right there's nothing in there right now ?
but what did we do besides get this when we were at Toronto ?
what was another place that we went ?
where did we see something very very interesting that was very big and a little bit scary ?
the dinosaur museum ?
were there any meat eaters at the dinosaur museum ?
you know maybe you could tell Ryan about those stories he might not know those videos actually .
oh good so you're gonna show em to him and also tell him about em great .
let's see The Big Freeze no I haven't .
Spirit no but I heard that that was a very good movie .
yeah .
what do they do in that movie ?
interesting .
well tell him about this one .
do they ?
well what happens why is it called The Big Freeze ?
what happens in that movie ?
it gets very cold what did they do ?
why did they go on a journey in that movie in The Big Freeze movie ?
why did they go on a little trip remember ?
now who's Spike ?
how come they hadta find him did he get lost or something ?
now who's that little guy ?
yeah but I don't know his name .
I don't think they give him a name .
okay so Spike is the one they hadta go and try to find ?
okay .
and did they find him ?
well that's good .
oh what happens in The Land Before Time ?
this is a great video it's Matty's new favorite .
what happens in that story ?
because Ryan does not even know why they were traveling ?
yeah .
well it's the great what ?
they're traveling to the great ?
the great valley .
why do they hafta travel to the great valley ?
did they go with their mommies and daddies ?
no just them right ?
did that guy go with them too ?
well did he try to get them then ?
what's this thing that thing ?
oh cause I had not seen one of those before .
you do .
they're pretty cool .
what happens what comes out_of volcanos ?
what are you looking for over there ?
hey did you get this for Christmas too ?
this big thing right here .
no ?
you wanna bring it out here ?
hey that's a pretty neat book huh .
it pops up like that .
do you know any of these guy's names ?
do you know that guy's name ?
no .
there is someone who has a funny name though .
remember the bird what do they call him ?
Terry Dactyl that's a pretty funny name huh ?
that's a pretty neat bird though .
oh .
yeah what are pterodactyl's kind of like they're a kind of what ?
that's pretty neat .
yeah it's a very interesting very interesting book .
I don't wanna wake him up so do we hafta be quiet ?
I'm gonna turn the page I don't want him to wake up .
oh that one kind of scared me a little bit .
who was that guy ?
do you remember why why does Trixie do a good job in that book ?
what does Trixie do that's helpful ?
&-um hm she finds the little one's mommy you're right .
you got a_lot of books over there .
so I'm trying to think of what else have we been doing ?
I kind of like elephants .
you too ?
blue .
yeah .
hey I was thinking about the game we played yesterday that was very fun .
remember I'll give you a hint and then you can tell Ryan what game it was .
remember there was an owl and an elephant in the game .
remember what were we pretending ?
you don't remember the game ?
the owl remember I had the owl first ?
and then I got the elephant second .
you don't remember that game ?
no the cat game we played later .
yeah remember we were pretending that we were cats hiding and who were we hiding from ?
the poachers yes .
the poachers you gotta watch out for them .
well why do you hafta watch out for poachers ?
you know why what do poachers do ?
they grab people .
yeah it's usually animals .
they don't grab people usually .
Elisiah's secret yes .
now that's a funny part .
I bet Ryan does not know what Elisiah's secret is .
what is her secret ?
she can ?
what does she tell them ?
she does ?
wow .
so what happens when she tells here secret ?
it comes and takes her powers away .
but how does she get her powers back ?
oh Shamomambomo .
yeah .
well why does he give her back here powers ?
well what does she do that she does a great job with at the end ?
remember she saves something .
she saves the elephants yeah which Ryan would like because he said he likes elephants .
he would probably be very happy to see that .
well he could see it right ?
what is the movie ?
oh just a new one okay .
it's still in the movie theaters yeah .
he doesn't know that name of it .
what's the name of it do you know ?
the wild ?
oh I did hear about that movie but I have not seen it yet .
we did something actually very interesting on Friday .
we went to a what kind of game ?
remember what kind of game we went to ?
a hockey game .
wow .
that was so fun .
&-um hm .
do you dive in there ?
you and daddy dive in the diving part ?
oh that's what I was thinking cause I didn't know if you knew how to dive or not .
you do go under water and I do too yes .
we actually went swimming in Toronto too didn't we ?
did I go swimming though ?
just in the hot tub right ?
you and daddy went swimming in the big pool .
so where was your hockey game at that you went to ?
at the college too .
oh for Christmas ?
well there's one thing that we could show Ryan that you did get from grandma Sharon and grandpa Dale .
Ryan will probably find this very interesting cause you know he probably does not know how to play this game .
oh well I'm just gonna do good things then .
do you get to pick if you do good things or bad things ?
how does it get decided whether you are gonna go up the ladder or down the chute ?
so she's gotta slide all the way down there ?
what happens to this is the one that we keep landing on what happens to this boy ?
and he broke the ice .
yep that wasn't very safe the sign said no skating .
well why do you think they did not want him to skate there ?
cause he'd go down the chute .
I like this one we like to try and get this one .
what does he do to that cat ?
the cat loves him right .
you wanted to help a bunny if the bunny was hurt ?
yeah that's right that would be nice .
oh but what is this boy doing with the cat ?
oh no .
right there he gets scratched by the cat .
do you think the cat likes having his tail pulled ?
no probably not .
the cat was probably angry but you're right where does this boy get scratched ?
yeah in lots_of places .
this is mommy's cause this one's kind of funny .
what's this girl doing ?
a headache ?
you think her head hurts ?
yeah maybe her head would hurt too .
how's your headache you had a headache this morning ?
yeah what was he doing that he should not do there ?
he's not putting his boots on yep .
that is a good one .
what one ?
well what are those ?
you don't like em ?
you don't like beans ?
I don't really like them either .
daddy probably would eat the beans though .
I would eat the beans too .
whoa that is healthy .
now let's look at this last one and then maybe we can do something different .
yep so how do you actually play the game ?
if we were here we can't actually play the game cause it would take too long but if we start here what do you wanna try and do to be the winner ?
and where do you wanna try to be at the top here huh ?
yep you go up .
so we've played this game a couple of times .
who's usually the winner ?
yep sometimes you would win sometimes I would win sometimes daddy would win .
it was fun I like that game .
oh is that part of your puzzle ?
okay I put your puzzle right there and we will work on it later .
that's going to be tricky so we'll probably hafta have daddy help us okay .
yep .
oh okay sure go ahead .
oh well maybe we could have a pretend tea party .
oh I like tea parties .
you wanna bring over your tea set ?
oh so do we need all the plates then ?
how many did we get ?
