book she's got there ? 

what book is that ?
yeh .
do you remember we saw that movie ?
so what do you wanna do today ?
I bought him some more Play_Doh .
new Play_Doh !
that was so nice !
look at that !
a whole bunch of new containers !
very cool !
what are you gonna do with these ?
mhm there are lots_of colors that was so nice .
no one's even used them thank you how fun .
what is that end up looking like that could be ?
mhm they might be things to cut em open .
so you know what ?
we haven't seen her since our vacation !
we gotta tell her what we did last week on our vacation !
what'd you do ?
no we didn't go to the dinosaur thing but we did go to a general museum remember the children's museum ?
what was your favorite thing at the children's museum ?
the space shuttle yeh .
what'd you what were you sposta do at the space shuttle ?
&-um hm .
it was very interesting what did you get to wear when you were at the space shuttle thing ?
&-um hm .
and what were you sposta pretend ?
that you were flying the space shuttle yeh it was super fun .
you did cut it in half .
I liked that one part that had the lobster bowl .
what were we sposta do with the lobster bowl ?
&-um hm .
just the lobsters why what were we not sposta try to catch ?
well what were you sposta catch them in that was super fun ?
mhm they had the lobster traps remember that ?
that was fun .
but then another thing that we did lots and lots_of times in the mornings what did we always go look for in the mornings usually ?
crabs yeh what else did we find what did we find actually ?
starfish what else did we find that was super cool ?
stars ?
oh like real stars in the sky .
this one actually looks like it's lookin pretty good .
this one is a good one you can mush that one .
here lets see if any of the other ones work cause this one this is also one that it just got old for some reason at the store .
so &-um .
that one too so those are ones that we can't use .
so this is interesting so some work and some don't right ?
so_that that red one looks like that could be pretty decent .
so we found .
that can definitely cover up that yeah that's .
so we found starfish and what were the other things that were cool member there was one that was yellow and one that was red ?
remember ?
I'll give you a hint sometimes people use them to wash stuff .
you don't remember the sponges ?
and also .
real live .
this one's a really good one too .
real live sponges .
oh don't mix them .
well what do you think .
go ahead .
we saw sponges and what's some other things that we did when we were on our vacation ?
so we went to the children's museum we went to Tide Pool what else did we do ?
you'll give me a hint okay .
so there was lots_of rocks and there was lots_of sand so let me think where that could have been .
was it ah the amusement park ?
the sand !
the ocean !
that was right by our house yup .
so we would walk down and walk to the ocean in the mornings or in the afternoons .
what did you buy to play with in the ocean ?
so you're giving me a hint .
it was sharp teeth and it was very big ?
barracuda ?
no tell me .
it was the shark blow up kind of thing yup .
but then what happened what did they say about that big blow up toy ?
remember ?
are you giving me a hint okay .
can you talk a little louder please cause I can't .
it was high tide ?
yeh .
so that's the hint okay since it was high tide they thought it would not be very safe right ?
you swimmed in high tide yes you sure did !
sometimes you ended up with a bunch of water in your mouth !
what did you think about that water anyway in general ?
yuck ?
what was yucky about the water ?
salt water yeh .
what was your favorite part of our whole vacation Boo ?
it was the beginning of our trip okay .
that was your favorite thing going to the beach after we left or right after we left our house ?
yeah cool .
we did something kind of fun on the way home too .
remember the big mountain ?
yes we went hiking on a big big mountain .
and it wasn't just me it wasn't just Daddy and me that hiked who else hiked ?
yes .
so we went hiking in Massachusetts remember out on Mount .
whoa you alright ?
on Mountain Gray Graylock .
who do you think that is ?
I don't think that's Aladar do you ?
see it kinda looks like Aladar but then why would he have such a mean face ?
I think it is Aladar cause look it's the same one .
I thought he looked mean like how kinda like Croan looked mean .
ah what are those ?
remember what kind of dinosaur those are ?
you don't remember their names ?
Carnadors !
cool we'll hafta try to read that maybe at the end today okay ?
you're gonna look at it okay you can look at it .
I'm not going to read it though cause that will just take a_lot_of time of my talking okay ?
so you go ahead and look at it .
is that who's that ?
Aladar's mom ?
what's gonna happen next ?
is that ?
carnador yep .
carnivore well carnadors are carnivores right ?
okay then what happens ?
grows up okay .
what's happening here ?
a meteor shower &-uh huh .
meteor shower again okay and then ?
they're walking okay .
walking and talking okay .
they're talking &-um hm .
and him up okay good .
&-um hm .
they're talking again .
do you think they are having a nice conversation there ?
ah what's going on here ?
carnivores are visiting .
what are they doing then ?
chasing them and trying to eat them !
so they're not visiting they're not coming to just like talk and have some cookies then right ?
no they're coming and .
with what I said that was so funny ?
there's Croan yeh .
okay now what happens ?
they're in the dark cave yup .
they gotta the island they were looking for yeh that's good .
they're going that way where the carnivore was &-um hm .
&-um hm .
&-um hm .
that's where he meets the carnivore by himself right and then what happens at the end ?
well they do find new monkeys but what is this little one holding ?
who's that ?
yeh I think it's sposta be Aladar and then Nira's baby baby dinosaur they had a baby dinosaur at the end .
well awesome that's really great because she may never have seen that movie do she never would have known what happened .
you know what I noticed something .
she was probably wondering about what happened here .
what'd you do ?
what'd you cut yourself on ?
it was a sharp rock or metal yeh .
what did we do right away ?
you don't know ?
what did I hurry up and go get ?
tissues yeh because we out by the tide pools and we didn't have there's no we didn't have any band aids right ?
what is it ?
what is I wonder if it's some older Play_Doh or something .
do you wanna play with these dinosaurs ?
you're just chillin' out huh ?
we did something kind of fun this week with Daddy too .
I couldn't go remember cause I was working but you and Daddy went to the ?
yeah what kind of park ?
a play park .
with rides !
they call it the amusement park .
and you're close it's not a music amusement .
yeah amusement park .
so you went on remember you told me that you had this ride and you thought that you were super scared but you went on it anyway ?
I dunno was it a dragon ?
a rollercoaster or something ?
so what else did you go on at the amusement park ?
the big boat ride &-um hm .
what else ?
there was something that you did in the morning before you went to the amusement park that was a little bit hard for you .
do you remember ?
Matty's going to go to pre-k so he needed to get some ?
here I'll give you a hint .
oh_my_goodness that doesn't look so good does it ?
eek what'd you hafta get ?
yeah tell me about when you got your shot because I wasn't there either I was .
what happened ?
you cried yeah .
you put your foot on your face ?
I don't remember hearing about that .
so_that wasn't so much fun going to the doctor .
what did he say about your spots ?
you forget ?
you're gonna they might if they don't go away then they might hafta what ?
tickle them off ?
okay well what did they say then ?
&-um hm .
freeze them off so is this what they do ?
is they just put you in a freezer here we go .
okay Matty's in the freezer let's freeze off those spots .
how long do you think we'd hafta put you in the freezer for ?
ten or six minutes .
so what do you wanna do today ?
do you wanna play with the farm or you want me to buy some stuff ?
I know sometimes we play a game where I buy stuff .
wanna do that ?
okay .
how_about buying dinosaurs ?
are these good things to buy ?
okay .
all these okay .
oh that's also for sale ?
I can buy the island if I really need it ?
okay .
so someone might want the island to take to have if they don't have like a good place for them to stay .
alright I'm gonna buy this one and this one .
okay &-um I think I'd like these two things but I have a question though .
what's this ?
I didn't say I wanted to buy it go ahead tell me .
tell me what it is .
it's a mountain for the dinosaurs to climb on so they can climb to the top maybe ?
&-um yeh I'll take it .
oh wait wait stop !
how much does it cost ?
alright I'll take it .
alright I'll take that the mountain and this please .
what kind of dinosaur is this anyway ?
duckbill okay I'll take him .
oh I should ask you does he bite ?
no okay and then I'll take this okay .
do I need anything else do you think to take care of my new dinosaur ?
I do need this you think ?
what is this ?
it's an island for the dinosaurs .
okay one dollar .
now so it actually comes with all these other free dinosaurs right ?
oh they're just decoration okay alright .
so how much do I owe you_all together ?
oh I get to buy you too ?
how much did you cost me ?
you were just ringing up yourself okay .
okay so how much do I owe you ?
how bout four ?
one for each thing four bucks .
oh you eat money ?
you eat money ?
I had no idea .
okay I'm going home thank you very much .
can I just use the island to fold up my stuff and carry it like a little bag ?
you're gonna show me how you would carry it okay .
okay thank you very much .
okay well I'll tell ya how_about I call you up and tell you how it's working out okay ?
ring ring ring .
hello ?
&-um I wish you would have told me that this dinosaur needs a leash because now it's gone he ran away .
did he come back to your store ?
wait wait you hung up on me !
hold on !
can I come and get him ?
alright .
okay here let's say that you had it cause remember it back .
oh baby where did you go ?
how come he came back here ?
doesn't he like me ?
oh well maybe &-uh can I buy a leash from you ?
alright .
&-uh lets just we'll use like this a pretend leash or something .
okay I'll buy this this is a pretend it's a pretend leash okay .
okay yeah .
how can I make him happy at my house ?
what else does he need for my house ?
oh he needs a friend okay .
and then you think he'll be willing to stay ?
okay so I'll buy the pterodactyl too okay alright .
so wait how do I know he's not going to fly away ?
okay I can put him on a leash too ?
okay .
okay great .
alright so we got two leashes a new friend and then my guy's going home .
okay is there oh you didn't ring him up yet ?
okay so how much do I owe you for the new stuff ?
okay that's not bad okay thank you .
sorry I can't believe you eat money !
oh I should ask you before I leave what does he eat ?
oh do I need more green stuff ?
yeah maybe I'll take them all you got here's another one you can ring that up too .
okay so here's some more money .
okay I think I'm set now because I got I think I got everything .
I got food they can have each_other as friends .
you rang up your own cash register .
okay I'm gonna to go home now I'll tell you how it goes .
oh yeah thank you I was gonna forget the leashes .
alrighty okay it looks like I'm doing pretty good .
ring ring ring .
hello ?
I forgot something to ask you .
when do they sleep ?
during the night ?
midnight okay so what time should I put them to bed ?
okay .
oh okay six o'clock huh ?
okay .
wait wait wait another question .
are they going to build nests or should I give them beds with blankets and pillows ?
oh okay .
they make nests okay .
bye .
are you still open ?
I need some special special blankets .
for them so_that they'll be comfortable .
do you have blankets ?
okay thank you .
oh it's an orange blanket okay I think they'll like it .
can I use this as a blanket too ?
this looks like that would work pretty good .
oh cause you needta give them to other people the extra ones .
I want these two .
I think this will work pretty well for the two .
okay thank you oh here's your money .
good bye !
would you like to come to my house to see how everything's working out ?
alright see .
I think I've set up here the little guys and there blankets .
and then I planted the trees so_that they can go eat the trees on the island whenever they wanna .
now what I did was I didn't wanna put the leashes on them right there so I have them right there in_case they are going to go out go outside of the island area then they can put their leashes on .
do you think they're going to be happy here ?
yeh but they miss you .
you'll hafta come everyday .
can you come visit everyday ?
you're gonna come in the nighttime .
do you wanna come for supper ?
you can come eat supper here and then you can visit em .
and then they'll be happy cause they won't miss you so much .
okay sounds like a good plan .
okay now I saw you eat money is that what you'd like for supper too ?
okay .
then come go ahead and go back to work and then you can come over for supper later and I'll have some money for you .
okay .
oh really ?
they get presents everyday ?
oh everyday so now they are useta getting presents everyday .
you got &-um useta getting presents everyday huh ?
bye .
okay alright well I'll come back to the store then and see what they might like as gifts .
you were saying that they like that they like presents and they need presents everyday what kinds of things did they want as presents ?
okay but what_about this ?
will they like him ?
okay so they would like almost like a pet is that what you're saying ?
I think I'll take the two dogs .
they're twins .
I'll take the two dogs so they each have their own little pet .
oh wait wait wait I just thought of something are they gonna eat em ?
okay .
there you go .
okay wait what's their names ?
they're both Bluedo ?
oh no how am I gonna to know which is which ?
they'll both come then !
can I call one like ah Snickerdoodle ?
oh how_about Bluedo and Spluedo ?
yeah what's funny about Bluedo and Spluedo ?
we'd say those words what ?
okay .
okay they're going to give you kisses good bye .
okay I'll take them home so the dinosaurs have pets .
hey did you come over for dinner ?
they definitely liked their pets .
