which dinosaur do I want ? 

I got some new dinosaurs .
oh , look at this .
he's huge look at him !
aren't they nice ?
a squishy lizard things too .
oh_my_goodness , he's really weird !
ooh interesting is he for sale , Matty ?
everything is for sale .
anything oh , I wanna see him .
oh he is weird he's got stuff in him .
alright , I'd like him , please , how much does he cost ?
there's my dollar .
oh_my_goodness , you're eating the money ?
are you gonna ring him up ?
did you hear him laugh ?
he laughs when you tickle him , I know .
thank you , he is really cool .
well , I was wondering if this one needs to have a friend ?
I think they look like they could be friends together they're not too different in size I'll take that one .
cause I bought the other one , this guy's free ?
hey hey , I do not like that !
did you jump on my back ?
I'm sorry , I thought you would like that .
look , they're very similar look , this one is green with a little yellow , and this I yellow with a little green interesting , huh ?
mhm .
mhm .
they're a little different , but they do have some of the same colors .
how cool .
now , they are good friends , except look wait a minute !
that's not nice that is not nice !
look at that , he does not seem happy that the darker one was putting him in his mouth .
oh_my_goodness , is he telling him no ?
is he trying to protect his baby ?
it's not his baby it's just a little one ?
so , oh_my_goodness , it's a funny one , isn't it ?
I hope nothing happens to him .
so , before I take my dinosaurs home , do you wanna tell Leslie about Halloween ?
what did you dress up like ?
an astronaut .
well , who did you go trick or treating with ?
how many James were there ?
ten James .
what was James dressed up as ?
well , Leslie hasn't been trick or treating in a long time , so tell me how you actually go trick or treating .
and then ?
what do you do once they give you the candy ?
thank you and then you get to take the candy home , right .
so , you got a bunch of candy , and then the next day , I think it was , there was a huge parade , right ?
what happened with the parade ?
it got canceled ?
I don't think so I saw kids go through in the parade .
so , what was interesting about the parade , what did you end up getting that was totally cool ?
you forgot alright , I'll tell her cause actually it's really mine .
what is it ?
it's yours ?
candy they got all kinds of crazy candy at the parade Roman and Matty did .
tell me what else you did that was interesting you've gone trick or treating , hm .
oh_my_goodness , right all the money .
I'm trying to think of what else you have been doing oh , you went to a movie .
you went to go see what movie on Sunday ?
right , and what happens in Brother Bear ?
aren't there some people , and a bear too ?
mhm the person turns into a bear , okay , and then ?
he finds this littler bear ?
he finds a little bear where's the bear's mommy ?
in heaven , how come ?
they killed his mom ?
so then what does the person who was turned into the bear do ?
take care of him , that's good .
it sounds like a good movie .
all of them for free ?
alright we'll put these in there too .
everybody can go together .
can I have some food for them too ?
they eat these , don't they ?
they don't eat sheep ?
I think they'd wanna eat sheep and cows and pigs .
alright , so I only really hadta pay one dollar for just the one and all the rest are free ?
how_about the food , don't I hafta pay for the food ?
zero dollars ?
you're ringing them all up all together though how much is it gonna cost ?
zero dollars each ringing them up .
but each one only costs like zero cents , right ?
you know , another thing you did since we last saw Leslie was you went to when your school had the haunted house .
did you go inside the haunted house ?
no , what did you do there ?
well , what games ?
basket stink ball I don't think so I did not remember that game , basket stink ball .
how do you play basket stink ball ?
uhhuh and then what happens .
you what ?
you forget so really when you win , isn't it the case that you get a prize , or something like that ?
that would be good .
who ?
oh , they're gonna say cheese are they really getting their picture taken ?
they're all gonna say cheese that's really cute .
&-um &-um excuse me .
excuse me I think they hafta go to the bathroom .
what should I do with them ?
where do they tend to go to the bathroom ?
right on one of the animals like on one of these animals ?
can't I train them to go outside , or use a toilet ?
here , which of these can I train to use the toilet ?
any of em ?
alright , I'll see I'm gonna go home now , and see how it goes , okay ?
thank you so much .
are you calling me ?
oh_my_goodness , I forgot my food ?
can I leave the animals here alone , or is it dangerous ?
I needta bring em all back with me in the car ?
I'll just leave them here quick I'll just drive my car quick and pick up the food .
the basket costs a dollar ?
oh , okay here you go .
oh_my_goodness , I never really met anybody at a store who ate money .
don't you need the money , to buy stuff for your store ?
I'm having some real , real problems with the pets you gave me .
well , I just don't know which ones are meat eaters , and which one's are plant eaters .
Friday they're gonna be hungry before then !
I dunno they got all mixed up when I was taking them here .
I really don't know which ones are plant eaters and which ones are the meat eaters .
oh_my_goodness , how do I know ?
uhhuh , I think so it might be a duckbill .
I think those are just to protect itself .
it's up what do you think raptor ?
okay , so he goes in the which section ?
oh_my_goodness he's in his own house ?
okay .
&-uh huh .
sliding down so fast .
so , alright so I already got a couple ones .
which one is this , plant eater , right ?
oh , are these all plant eaters that are left ?
okay .
okay , all the meat eaters go there okay .
and all the plant eaters go here .
hm ?
really , are you gonna try it out ?
oh no .
how could you get it to stay there , do you think ?
well think what helps fasten stuff , or keep things that are stuck to other stuff .
nails you could nail him up sure .
what else ?
sure you do I have let me see let me see your hands .
you totally have nails .
fingernails .
no what ?
that's something else ?
oh , that's the one we've ran out_of ?
how_about just magic can't we just use magic to connect it ?
well , why not ?
so magic is just for fairy tales and stories , I see .
and shows there's been a show you've been watching nearly everyday .
it matches your socks .
oh yeah you've totally been watching Sponge Bob .
we got some d_v_ds that each have like ten episodes , right Boo ?
it's kind of overwhelming it's a_lot_of Sponge Bobs .
I don't really like Sponge Bob , do you know why ?
why don't I think Sponge Bob , Boo ?
he's cool ?
no no no .
he's rude .
yeah , why do you like Sponge Bob so much ?
no no no .
I know really who your favorite person is on the Sponge Bob show .
Squidworth .
why ?
because he's a bad guy ?
I think Squidworth is just really kinda I dunno , he's in a bad mood like everyday , right ?
so anyway , I'm trying to think of what else we've been doing since we came here last time .
yes , dear .
ah , oh_my_goodness !
imagine if you were inside there and all of a sudden I came through the window .
here , I'll pretend that I'm asleep and then you pretend
what is that anyway what's the name of that creature .
a lizard , okay , let's say I'm sleeping here .
ah ah it's the attack of the lizards , ah !
man , that would be scary , wouldn't it if the lizard came through the window ?
yeah .
what do you think about her hair ?
oh_my_goodness , why are ?
so , I have a question you were telling me about his one kid at your school , what's his name ?
the one who always gets the yellow sticks .
yeah , how did he do today ?
did he get any yellow sticks ?
how bout you did you ?
so with Dawson , what does he do usually that makes him get a yellow stick ?
like what did he do ?
well tell me one of those storybooks .
oh_my_goodness , he bit Mckayla ?
what did Mckayla do ?
did she cry ?
oh_my_goodness .
how do you know it happened ?
oh .
the what ?
let's see the foot .
oh yeah , you can see its tail .
this one this meat eater .
see what ?
whoa they totally fell off .
he said that he was trying the climb up and get the people .
I'll get you .
oh_my_goodness , what happened to that girl ?
oh_my_goodness , this is a sad story .
about this poor girl !
after she fell off , this alligator or crocodile fell on her too !
oh_my_goodness well then what happened to the girl ?
oops .
uhoh , where did it go ?
it's very dangerous let's not do that anymore , okay ?
you could have hit someone now it's missing .
I don't wanna see you do that anymore , okay ?
so tell Leslie about how we ended up with your shoes yesterday where did we go shopping ?
so , how did we end up with those shoes yesterday ?
what ?
well , where did we buy them , and how many stores did we go to ?
uhoh oh_my_goodness , what happened to the farm ?
oh_my_goodness , I think the bad lizards attacked the people and the animals on the farm .
they'd probably be pretty scared if all a sudden this giant giant lizard came to their town .
what ever you knock over you gotta clean up , okay ?
just so you know .
well , if you make a big mess , you gotta clean it up .
just remember you , you gotta help clean up if you make a mess , okay ?
so , it reminds me , seeing all these animals reminds of when you and I went to the zoo .
what was different about the zoo when we went last time ?
think about it what was different what was hanging everywhere ?
yeah , why were there spiders at the zoo ?
mm hm .
you were the what ?
the mayor , the one who's in charge of the town ?
oh , that's pretty interesting .
now he's totally trapped for now , right .
oh he's trapped .
I think this is a pretty big mess .
ah that's a giant mess this crocodile totally wrecked the whole barnyard !
oh_my_goodness .
so &-um
you didn't say much about the zoo , that made it so interesting at the zoo .
you don't remember at all ?
I really don't like this honey .
it's too wild for me .
you just slipped on the table today ?
how_about you talk about what you did at school ?
like computers , or Spanish , or bringing your lunch what do you wanna talk about ?
what did you do in school today ?
like what kind of thing ?
wah they wanted you to say wah ?
didn't you already know how to say that ?
I'm not sure I believe you they wanted you to say that .
so the speech and language teacher , what did they give you a book to read about ?
no , what ?
what do they talk about ?
do they talk speech do they talk to you guys , or what ?
mhm , and what do you do ?
what ?
do they tell you what to jump all around the room ?
oh , what do they tell you to do ?
sweetie ?
oh , you just remember .
what are you doing with him ?
bringing him around town , where does he live ?
ah poor dog !
now , what's this up here ?
oh , this is like the upstairs and underneath is the downstairs ?
okay .
are you sure he is ?
I dunno he doesn't look that ready .
I don't think he wants to go back home yet .
well , I dunno maybe he wants to still play outside .
who knew that was a toy just like that , where you could pretend to shoot it out ?
I did not know that was a toy like that .
did you ever see something like that before .
when people what ?
oh , then he is ready , always I see .
I don't think , &-um , Leslie knows that you've been going to gymnastics .
what do you do in gymnastics ?
but what is gymnastics ?
what ?
do you do flips and stuff ?
yeah .
somersaults , and also what else do you do ?
what is your favorite thing to do at gymnastics ?
really everything ?
you like when you gotta wait in line ?
whatcha gonna do tell me ?
yeah I did , what did you just do ?
oh_my_goodness slide down it slid down the ramp , right ?
you what ?
you do ?
