so what are these , Boo ? 

I know , I remember these we haven't used these in a while .
we never really do much with them , right ?
we could though , we could like pretend that they're like a family or something .
help , I just fell off a chair .
he won't fall off the chair ?
yeah , it looks like he's okay .
look , there's twins exactly twins ?
one's like a dad , and one's like a grandpa .
what is it what do you think ?
it looks like a big donut .
I really don't know maybe it's a pot with rice or something in it , or potatoes .
you have a new pet though .
do you wanna talk about your new pet ?
me no !
I'm not the one who was there when you got it .
what did you get ?
you know what it is .
caterpillars ?
what are you gonna do with a caterpillar ?
what's it gonna do while it's a caterpillar ?
mhm it's gonna grow its cocoon , that's right and then it's gonna turn into a butterfly .
what does a caterpillar look like ?
what colors ?
do you remember I think it's mostly brown , or black or orange .
it's very cute .
do you remember what did you name it ?
Catty it kinda looks like a cat , cause it's furry , so that's not a bad name for it .
Catty the caterpillar .
okay , that sounds good .
whoa are we gonna clean up all these things ?
did you tell Leslie about today , when you did a great job of cleaning up and what you got for it .
yeah .
why ?
mhm so you gotta be line leader , and that was pretty cool .
so , I'm trying to think of stuff we've been doing since we saw Leslie .
she doesn't know about when we went ice skating .
yeah , how did that go ?
what were you able to do all by yourself ?
he was able to skate by himself .
you can stand up and kind of go for a little ways , right ?
that was so fun .
did you start gymnastics ?
yeah , you like it ?
what did you do in gymnastics last week , I wasn't there , you went with Ingrid , remember ?
what did you end up doing there ?
you jumped into a big blocky pit , and what else ?
what else did you do ?
I saw you a little bit at the end you were jumping on something .
you were jumping on the trampoline at the end I saw that .
so what did we tell you what the rules were in terms of Roman what was the rule ?
when ?
uhhuh and what happens if you play with Roman ?
yeah , so what did you and Roman do then to make sure that didn't happen ?
well , did you tell Roman ahead of time did you say “Roman , I can't play with you” ?
yeah .
do you wanna tell about the sad thing that happened with Roman when we went to the park what Roman said , and what you did , and all that stuff ?
do you wanna talk about that ?
do you remember what happened at the park last week ?
how_about , do you wanna talk about when you and Daddy went on a mountain bike , at the big , big , big Allegheny state park ?
whatcha doing there ?
what are you making ?
a block , huh ?
you know what ?
want me to tell you something funny ?
this is a refrigerator you put books in the refrigerator .
oh , it's okay for sure .
they'll just get cold it's no big deal .
oh_my_goodness it has gold dust on it !
the source of the gold dust you found it !
you got some gold stuff on the sides of the books it's coming off .
some of these are kinda old , I think .
so_that one's a rectangle and this is a square , so it's not fitting in , is that the problem ?
I know .
is this gonna be there forever ?
I was thinking about something that was so funny that happened with your pumpkin , that you carved .
what happened ?
is that gold ?
let me see did you get it all over your face ?
so what happened to your pumpkin that was so funny ?
what ?
not gonna tell you don't wanna tell the story about your pumpkin ?
too disgusting it was disgusting , I know !
you want me to tell that story ?
okay , I start telling it and you finish it , okay ?
I'm gonna tell the whole story ?
okay .
James and Bailey carved pumpkins , and we carved ours and left our in the house , cause we were decorating the house inside , right ?
but then what happened to the pumpkin ?
you want me to tell cause it's such a disgusting story ?
well , it just got very old remember how I said “hey Matty” remember you pushed it you said “yeah , it's falling apart” and you put your hand in went in a little and then there was a big hole in is it was gross !
you know what I didn't actually see what happened .
what did Daddy do with the pumpkin ?
he sticks his hand in it he did ?
I thought he used a shovel to pick it up .
he couldn't really pick it up , right ?
so then what did he do ?
and then he put it in the garden , right ?
and mushed it all up .
that's so gross .
yeah ?
which dinosaurs do I want ?
I don't really want all these things I just want him , the little triceratops .
I gotta buy everything ?
if I buy all of them , I can come here any day I want ?
can I buy them all , and then return the ones I don't like ?
or do I gotta keep em all forever ?
I don't think I want any of em .
but I'm no sure I want em all .
what if I wanna buy horses today ?
no , only dinosaurs for sale ?
it's one dollar for all of this , or for each dinosaur ?
it only costs a dollar for all this stuff , huh ?
you know what I'm worried about ?
why I'm not sure I want em all .
I'm afraid that they're gonna fight , see we have meat eaters , and we have plant eaters they're gonna fight !
that's not fighting ?
are you okay , little guy ?
he's not ?
he hit him with his tail !
hm ?
so I don't needta be worried ?
I dunno what if they're too loud ?
during the night , they sleep .
what if they're loud during the day ?
aren't my neighbors all going to be scared ?
well hm I'm not really convinced .
why do these make good pets ?
I'm not sure they make good pets .
they are gonna be ?
can I teach em how to do stuff ?
wash my laundry .
and do the dishes and stuff .
which one is the smartest one that I should teach ?
oh him ?
oh yeah , you're probably right .
okay , well I'll just buy him .
okay okay , I'll buy em all .
but I'm a little worried you can tell , right ?
I'm not sure I want em all .
okay , so one dollar , here you go .
okay , can I take this whole thing ?
you have no other ones bring back the bag is that what you're saying ?
okay , you hafta scan it , okay .
thank you .
I'll bring em home I'll set em up and then I'll bring your bag back , okay ?
here's your bag back .
what did you just say ?
oh my gosh they're gonna be trapped forever ?
that's not very nice .
here's your bag back .
listen , I decided to separate them so I put all the plant eaters in one place , and all the meat eaters in another place .
is that a good idea ?
okay .
&-um I have a problem .
one of em is lost .
have you seen it around have you seen any extra dinosaurs around ?
is this all of em I thought I lost one of em maybe .
well I thought that there was like a purple one , are there any purple dinosaurs ?
how bout Barney ?
mhm .
let me see so_that might have been the one I thought was missing I guess that's the guy I was missing but he isn't really missing .
maybe he was just hiding in the bushes at one point , right ?
these bushes you know can cover up a whole dinosaur maybe .
well thank you for your help .
okay , good bye .
rarr rarr we came back because we had no food .
you separated us from the plant eaters , and now we're hungry , so actually , we'd probably eat you .
what are we sposta eat ?
I don't wanna stay at this person's house they have no food for us !
well
oh okay , thank you .
&-um , however &-um we don't like this we want some meat do you have any meat ?
or we will hafta eat you up !
okay , should we check if any of them is meat .
well , here's a chicken potpie alright , we'll take this .
thank you .
we'll like this , cause this is meat .
okay , goodbye .
rarr they ate it up so fast !
you said I could come whenever I wanted .
so , I'm here !
I don't wanna say anything .
I just came in the middle of the night , cause you said I could come whenever I wanted .
do you have any food in your fridge I'm hungry !
you don't care if I eat all of your food ?
oh , okay so I shouldn't eat everything I'll just see what sounds interesting .
okay , I'll have chocolate nuts , some juice , and some chocolate milk .
I think chocolate so thanks .
do you mind if I watch tv are you gonna go back to sleep ?
okay .
let's pretend I was very loud I was not a good guest , okay ?
what , am I bothering you ?
you're sleeping oh sorry .
you said I could come whenever I wanted .
do you think I should go home ?
should I go home and take out my dinosaurs ?
okay , thank you for the food .
sorry I disturbed you .
good night .
what time is it it's about three thirty .
no it is about three thirty see it is three thirty in the afternoon .
oh , okay .
what time is it it's about midnight .
yeah , tell me what time it is .
it's two thirty in the morning ?
that's why it's too dark it's the middle of the night ?
no , we are I'm back again .
it's two thirty I'm back to see you again .
I checked on my dinosaurs they're fine and I came to see you again .
nothing , I just came to say hello .
are you still sleeping ?
I'm not hungry , I don't wanna watch tv , I just came to say hello .
maybe I should go back home now .
I'm come back and it'll be I'll call you in the morning .
yeah , I'll call you when it's light out , okay .
hello ?
is this the person who sold me the dinosaurs ?
well I need your help .
can you come over please , now ?
&-um , they're in trouble the dinosaurs are stuck to me .
they love me so much , they won't get off of me and I hafta go to work what should I do ?
oh do you think the food will work ?
what should I do with the food ?
oh and then maybe they'll jump off of me ?
alright , I'll set up the food thanks .
oh yeah , this seems to be working .
they're attracted to the food .
okay cool I gotta go to work , so wanna watch em today .
I want my Mommy !
okay , you're gonna watch em ?
why don't you let all of them hold each_other , so they won't be so sad .
you don't want the meat eaters to hold you ?
are they gonna be okay ?
okay .
so you got em all , right ?
oh here's the other guy now you got em all .
you gonna be okay with them ?
okay should I go to work for a little while or should I go for a long , long time .
the whole day okay , bye .
is that for you , or for the dinosaurs ?
okay , you got thirsty , huh ?
okay , I'm back from work .
how are they ?
oh no they were fighting all day ?
I thought you told me they weren't gonna fight .
they are though well what did you do with them when they were fighting ?
you put em in time out ?
okay , and then what happened ?
well what would you recommend I don't want em to fight all night I gotta sleep .
you're gonna stay over and help me take care of em ?
okay now , who's the one's that are fighting ?
oh , pretty much all of em , huh ?
these two didn't ?
oh_my_goodness , so this whole group was fighting ?
not the brontosaurus or the pterodactyl , huh they were doing a great job ?
these guys were fighting I dunno .
I'm starting to think that maybe I shouldn't keep em all .
they're you're sure ?
did anybody get injured ?
they just were fighting ?
oh my god , his mouth is so bloody !
oh , okay .
what's he doing there , then ?
okay so there's nothing wrong with his mouth ?
okay well let's see , we're gonna have a talking to them .
I'm gonna have a talk with them about not fighting , okay ?
maybe we should tell them all the rules of the house .
okay , so what are the rules here ?
what would you say would be good rules for the house ?
okay no fighting , no wrestling uhhuh .
okay keep their hands and feet to themselves that sounds good .
are you guys listening ?
these are good rules anything else ?
okay , so everybody should have their own space everybody should spread out and don't let your hands or feet touch anybody else .
or their mouths that's true we don't want anyone biting anybody else , right .
how_about are they allowed to say mean things to each_other ?
they are ?
oh no I don't want them to have a_lot_of mean words and arguments !
I think that's another rule we should say no mean words .
okay I hope this works .
what happens if they do a great job , what do they get ?
three things they can choose whatever they feel like , kinda like the prize draw ?
yeah , cool .
wow , that's a pretty good deal .
how long do they gotta do a good job for ?
one minute , okay .
so hopefully they can do it that long , right ?
they get to choose their prizes now ?
what if they fight over who gets what prize ?
okay , they each get to pick their favorites .
okay what's he gonna do with the boy ?
I just was afraid he was gonna eat the boy .
is he gonna eat the boy ?
okay cause he can have the boy if they're just gonna be friends .
I was just worried he might wanna want the boy .
so what's he gonna choose he's gonna take the chalkboard
do you know what this is called ?
so he gets the toaster , the book and do you know what this is called ?
you remember you've used these .
rolling pin .
okay , so he gets his prizes so he's gonna come over here , and he gets to play with those things .
okay , so who's the next who gets to come up and choose ?
cause they both did a pretty good job , huh ?
so they gotta come really one at a time .
and we know these two don't fight , so they can come up together , right ?
you've never seen them fight .
okay alright , so that's what he wants .
those are his prizes for doing a great job a great , great , great , job as you'd say , right ?
wait , what_about pterodactyl ?
