hey , we saw a movie with these kinds of lizards in it .
oh_my_goodness , remember that movie ?
what was it called ?
Holes do you remember , what they do in Holes .
they dig holes , yeah and then what else happens in that movie with the boys ?
they're going to the desert and then .
mhm , they climb up a mountain they find some water and what happens at the end ?
mhm , they find the boy's mom and they stay all together .
that's so cool .
now what happens if you get bit by something that looks like this ?
yeah .
but the boys didn't die , right ?
no .
so what do you wanna do today ?
do you wanna sell me anything or
you wanna show me something , okay .
did you put those up there ?
just now ?
oh I didn't notice them I thought maybe they've been there a long , long time .
how do you think the people would feel if they had dinosaurs on their house ?
do you think they'd like it ?
how_about these particular one , would they want these kinds , you think ?
can I tell you something I don't want these on their house , okay ?
if anyone offers you the chance , and says do you want dinosaurs on your house , I want you to say no .
oh no !
every time , you're going to say yes ?
so I'm trying to think about different things you've been doing .
we went to see Holes at the Fredonia Opera House , which is very interesting .
what's different about the Fredonia Opera House ?
mhm , do you remember what they call the upstairs room ?
close b b
yeah , balcony , that's right .
and we say &-um someone that you useta know at school there too .
now , was Jackson your friend at school or was he just a kid you knew at school ?
how come you weren't friends with him ?
what did he do that was bad ?
at your old school he did stuff bad , like what ?
that was a while ago , wasn't it ?
you have another kid at your school now who gets into trouble all the time .
yeah , what does Dawson do that's a problem at your school ?
oh_my_goodness !
he punched you in the tummy ?
oh_my_goodness !
what did you do when you did that ?
nothing ?
wow , what else does he do sometimes ?
one time he bit Mckayla ?
this is bad news .
honey , don't break that , okay ?
what is that ?
do I want it ?
am I sposta buy it or something ?
let me check him out first and see if I want him .
he's kinda wiggly .
ah oh_my_goodness !
he's super stretchy !
I dunno .
what &-uh what does he do ?
is he real or is he just decoration ?
ah really !
he's just in a sleep time ?
so that's why he's kinda still right now ?
&-um I was trying to think about some stuff we've been doing lately .
we went to the movies and we saw these lizards .
you went to go see another movie too with Daddy .
Brother Bear did you like it ?
yeah , what happens in the movie what's interesting ?
well just say one part of it what is interesting .
it could be a scary or sad part , whatever .
they killed the bear ?
was it a big bear or a little bear ?
who was the big bear ?
mhm .
what happens to Koda then ?
that's the Brother so Koda just stays with him ?
alright , I'll buy him .
how much does he cost though ?
wait wait now don't keep charging him up .
I don't wanna buy five lizards , just one .
okay .
oh wait , no not two , not three !
not so many lizards just one !
nineteen lizards .
how much does it cost ?
y ?
I dunno just tell me .
one , oh one actually starts with an o .
one what ?
one penny ?
one dollar .
is it one dollar for all nineteen lizards or one dollar for each lizard ?
so I owe you nineteen dollars ?
oh , here you go .
thank you .
now , what do they eat ?
anything how_about you ?
do they eat people ?
no do they eat orange juice ?
I'll take all these groceries and see what he likes .
how much does this cost ?
thirty two dollars and forty one cents for all these groceries ?
alright , here's your money .
alrighty well , I don't think I need anything else .
bye bye .
yes , but I really wanted this pet so , I'm gonna keep him , and see how it goes at home .
if anything bad happens , okay .
here I'll call you up with a question .
you know , well , there was this basket that the food came in .
I was wondering if that could be a good home for him ?
today you're too busy ?
how do you think he like his new house ?
is part of him hanging out ?
oh , that's no good .
dump stuff on him , oh my gosh .
no , he'll get all messy .
what else are you gonna dump on him ?
oh_man , that's gonna be a messy lizard !
wait , wait is this how you useta take care of him when you had him ?
why are you dumping stuff on him ?
to clean him that's the stuff that makes him messy .
but you know what I'm gonna run out_of food now .
you're dumping all our food out on him , all the stuff to drink .
well .
you will ?
okay , are you washing him ?
that's bread isn't it ?
it's a washcloth oh , okay .
so he's all clean again let me smell him .
oh , he smells like ketchup still .
but he does look pretty clean that was a good idea I guess .
is that his next food he's sposta eat him ?
oh yeah , he really likes this long neck dinosaur , Brachiosaurous .
what do you wanna do with those , Matty ?
what do you need with that one ?
wait wait wait don't hurt im !
wait wait wait no no no he's not to play baseball with !
don't , he's my pet .
he's my pet .
no , that's not very nice !
this reminds me of when we were playing hockey yesterday , though .
yeah , well just cause you swing and hit something with a stick , right ?
did we play hockey on the ground ?
can you tell Leslie about how we played hockey yesterday , about how I won by so much ?
well , how did you win by so much ?
yes .
what are you gonna do with the lizard ?
no , I don't want you pretending that it seems very aggressive to me .
it's mean it's a pet !
you're the one who told me he was real .
was he gonna eat this ?
to eat me ?
ouch ouch he bit my hand !
he's really bad I think I wanna return him , here .
I want a different pet , please .
should I come into the store again and choose something else ?
so do you wanna talk about the day you stayed home with Daddy ?
no ?
should we just go home now ?
you don't wanna play with Leslie's toys anymore .
then why don't we do our stuff ?
I want you to apologize to the lizard .
are you gonna be gentle with him now ?
so , do you wanna talk about when you stayed home with your daddy ?
why did you get to say home what was going on ?
how come ?
well , what was very interesting that happened to our house during that wind storm ?
what happened to our trees ?
yeah , two of the got blowed over , totally .
huge huge huge parts of the tree , right Matty ?
so , &-um what are we gonna do with those trees now ?
mhm and then what ?
are we gonna put all the pieces in your room ?
what's gonna happen to the pieces of wood , do you know ?
for who ?
where's the fire ?
up the chimney , right .
I think the neighbor's going to take some of it too .
now , what's gonna be an interesting thing that's gonna happen this week ?
mhm and what are you gonna do while I'm gone ?
Daddy's taking you to Splash Lagoon ?
oh_my_goodness !
mm Cindy's on Friday you're going to Cindy's house , right .
what kinda stuff do you do at Cindy's ?
cool you got somebody else's house you're gonna visit too while I'm gone .
Roman's , okay .
I was gonna say Romulous .
Roman's , yes .
and he's is gonna take you to gymnastics , and then you'll go to Roman's house for supper , and you even hafta bring over your what to Roman's house ?
your what ?
he's been very interested in spelling things like what sounds go with what letters .
sleeping bag .
what does sleeping bag end with ?
yeah sleeping bag .
sleeping also ends in g , doesn't it ?
yes , cause you're not gonna sleep the whole night there , but Daddy has parent teacher conferences so you gotta stay at their house for awhile .
I just wanted to tell you though , tell me what you think about this I really wanna go to Splash Lagoon , so I'm thinking maybe you guys shouldn't go cause I can't go with .
you're gonna go but I've never even been there !
when do I get to go ?
I hope so .
ten days from now , hm .
maybe possibly that could be a potential time .
take you to the water park there's one apparently in Toronto .
yeah you guys might go to that one instead .
it's not exactly the same .
it's similar , but its not called Splash Lagoon .
that doesn't roll real well , does it ?
it's not like a car it's just a little trailer guy .
you need a car to go down there , hm .
I dunno we'll hafta see if they got a car here .
so , what do people even do at Splash Lagoon , since I've never even been there ?
what do people do ?
do you wanna see if this one works ?
oh that's pretty good .
alright , I'll let you do it one more time and then we'll do something else for a while .
do you know what happens with this it ends up being loud okay ?
you won't really be able to be right on the tape if you do that .
so Matty , you're really not gonna wait for me to go to Splash Lagoon with you ?
how_about , you remember what happens next week ?
what holiday's next week and you don't have school for a couple of days ?
what ?
Splash Lagoon , that's not the name of the holiday .
I'll give you a hint thanks
right , who's coming to visit ?
who ?
Grandma and Grandma ?
yeah , Grandma Sharon and Grandma Zevenbergen are coming , right .
and Grandpa Dale and Grandpa Zevenbergen are staying home , right .
not your two Grandmas Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale are coming .
what are you gonna show then in your house that they would find interesting , do you think ?
and what are you gonna do with them ?
oh_my_goodness they're gonna drive in the car !
we'll wait til we're done with the tape for you to roll that again .
I'll give you a couple times to do it , cause it is loud .
but you can get them ready for them to drive , if you want .
so , I'm wondering about maybe if we should
listen hon , I thought we should take Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale maybe to &-uh
no , not to Splash Lagoon !
I think Grandpa Dale might like it Grandma Sharon would not wanna go swimming there at all .
I dunno , she doesn't like to go swimming .
I don't think I've ever seen her in a bathing suit .
are you sleeping ?
so , Leslie might think that these are really your real clothes , but what's up with these clothes we got on here ?
did you just take the whole milk think and dump it over your head or what happened ?
and it went everywhere , everywhere .
oh , that's a beautiful dress !
and is that your beautiful headband ?
your hair cover ?
maybe this would be good remember how we were worried that it might start raining outside ?
if you had this on , your hair would stay dry .
and everybody would say “why does that kid got that on his head” though .
hm ?
so , I was saying , when Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale come , should we take them maybe to Niagara_Falls ?
Stinky's where's Stinky's ?
oh , there's an aquarium by Niagara Falls that's a little one though .
do you know where Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale have been before where we have also been ?
they went to Lion Country Safaris one time .
we love that place remember ?
why ?
I don't want you to fall down though .
do you wanna be able to fall ?
well , what if you hurt your head ?
are you gonna fall down gently ?
okay , ready ?
Lion Country Safari !
oh_my_goodness , you fainted !
oh , let's dump a bunch of juice on his head .
wait , let's wake you up hold on stay right there .
this will wake you up all of these different drinks .
I'll dump them on your head .
there's nothing in these .
one time in the summer I remember you and I went to the Lake Erie state park , and it was super hot , and we dumped water on our heads .
do you remember that ?
a little bit , do you remember that time ?
I knew you didn't it was hot , and we were climbing up the rocks , and we brought water bottles and we squirted them on each other's heads .
well , it was fun .
maybe you just don't remember it .
real water ?
no no no !
it would work in here , but then it would , you know , get the lab all wet .
everything would be super duper wet .
and then dump water in the bathroom ?
do you think the custodian wants to clean that up ?
I don't think so .
you know Matty , we hafta write our Christmas list soon , for Grandma and Grandpa , and Santa and stuff like that .
well you just asked him for that one thing .
do you have any other ideas of what you would like for Christmas ?
whoa I'd say that's pretty loud , what do you think ?
no , it's too loud this is super duper duper loud !
I don't think Leslie has seen your shoes had you noticed his shoes ?
yup they're really cool , huh ?
so what do you want for Christmas ?
you want a kitty ?
see , I guess he doesn't really want gifts this year cause he can't really think of anything .
oh you've been maybe you're getting some new games , cause you've been actually playing this one game all the time at home .
what's the game we play almost everyday now ?
oh my gosh , you're so funny with that today .
it's actually called it reminds me of
it's in your hand !
Choo Choo's ?
well , let me see if I can explain how to do the game right , and if I do it wrong you can tell me .
it's called Chutes and Ladders and what you gotta do is
no it's not called Hoops and Ladder you silly guy !
doctor Weist is gonna be totally surprised that you said that on the tape .
he's gonna say “how come that little boys is saying that word” .
anyway so , Chutes and Ladders what you gotta do is you gotta climb up the chutes , and then you walk down the ladders , right ?
go down the ladders ?
you just go up and down the ladders ?
I see , how do you win the game ?
to the bottom ?
I see whoever gets to the bottom first wins , right ?
do you know the number you hafta get to be the winner , what number it is for the winning ?
no , we never talked about it .
it's a hundred , when you get to one hundred , you win .
why are you screaming ?
Dutes ?
so yes , we've been playing Chutes and Ladders nearly everyday .
I think our tape's gonna be over soon .
what would you like to do , babe .
alright , open them .
don't dump em some of them are ceramic in there .
we don't want em to break .
some of the pieces are pretty breakable .
