sorry , okay . 

a squishy web thing , that was a squishy web thing , huh ?
oh , I know what he's talking about .
a squishy , squishy web thing !
oh , she totally knows .
that was Roman's favorite too .
isn't that funny cause we know how much Roman likes Spiderman too , right .
do you remember , what did Roman , you have for his birthday party when he turned four ?
Batman ?
see I try to think about it this time he had Batman stuff remember .
I think , I think when he turned four , remember he had just you there for his party , and he just had , and he had Spiderman , you guys got a couple little Spiderman ?
.
oh look , she found another one another one .
oh_my_goodness , we haven't seen him in a long time .
that's totally cool .
another dinosaur , for the selling .
well that's good .
we can sell a bunch of people , see we got all kinds of stuff .
&-um so , so what do we usually do in here Boo so_that she knows how , how we are sposta do everything .
you forget since the last time ?
hm .
well you should remember , do you wanna show her how we do the playing , the selling game ?
whatever dinosaur I want , I can buy it ?
well , is there any one particular one that you would recommend ?
yeah , we are not really sure where they are , but how many do we have ?
and then five , right , is he a dinosaur ?
what is he from ?
yeah ?
we haven't watched this one in a while , it's from Lion King .
so anyways , so okay , well let's do that , let's starts exactly when , where &-um I'm gonna buy a dinosaur , &-um , okay .
&-um could you tell me about this one ?
he eats plants , okay .
&-um how does he sleep at night , I don't want an animal that is going to keep me up all night ?
he just lays down ?
what kind of a bed does he sleep in ?
I thought dinosaurs slept in beds .
no ?
what do they sleep in ?
oh .
oh , so all I needta do is put him on the ground , okay , and he eats plants .
okay well , alright I'll try it , I'll take em , okay .
are you getting out my money for me , cause I actually hafta pay you right ?
&-um hm , that's right .
you're just grabbing the money out , right ?
okay , here .
oh , but I don't have any other money to give you , alright here , here let's see .
is this money you can use ?
there is no money in you hand .
there's nothing in my hand ?
oh , well , how bout this ?
okay .
that was funny honey , kinda right ?
just kidding , it's bread .
we'll just use that , yeah , it's just bread .
well you know , we can eat the bread .
fair trade .
okay , what is the funny thing that we usually play with the dinosaurs , remember what did you useta do when I would give you money ?
you would always eat the money , it was so funny .
remember that ?
and Leslie , we made that up ?
&-um hm .
so okay , well anyway , thank you , this is my change ?
okay , now , &-um do you have any &-um , I was thinking about him sleeping .
do you sell pajamas ?
my house is kinda cold , what would you recommend ?
and get pajamas there ?
oh , okay , so you think he would wear pajamas ?
okay , I , I'll go I'll buy some at the store , alright .
wait , wait , wait , I only want him .
well are , but aren't they gonna fight ?
that's a_lot_of pets .
yeah , that's what I am wondering about , huh , alright .
yes you haven't , who is that ?
yeah .
oh_my_goodness though , we shouldn't use this , this is got a sword .
what is that ?
you haven't watched the movie in awhile , it is called the Golden ?
the Golden Snitch .
&-um hm .
remember ?
oh , we really haven't watched that in a while .
what's your new favorite movie that you just got ?
that was my favorite movie when I was little .
really , well they just came out with which number ?
ten .
wow .
ten , yes .
what's that one about ?
okay .
did they go to the green field again ?
no ?
oh really ?
do they go there and eat ?
oh .
so , what are they sposta do ?
oh .
so it became dark , because the moon was covering the sun , and the long_necks thought they hadta , what did they think they were sposta do to push the sun back up again ?
as hard and as long as they could , and that would put the sun back up again .
but there's another interesting part of the movie too , who does Little Foot meet for the first time ?
&-um hm , Little Foot's daddy .
aw .
so then what does he do with his daddy in the , this ah , cause you know , he kinda has a decision to make right , at the end , to make a choice , what does he end up doin ?
you forget !
&-um hm .
he hadta make a decision if he was going to go back with his dad .
because what was his dad doing that was pretty cool ?
his dad was a leader of a herd , so he thought that was pretty cool , but then he decided that he was just gonna stay with his grandma and grandpa .
so it was a great , great new movie we just got the other day .
so .
yeah , we got it , when did we get it , we got it like maybe Sunday .
where'd you get it from ?
they brought it home to you ?
oh .
we bought it at Walmart .
cause where were you when Mommy and Daddy went shopping ?
actually no , it was on a Sunday .
whose friends did you go over , and you went sledding ?
you forget whose house you were over ?
you do forget ?
Jimmy and Erica's .
oh_my_goodness , now who are Cody and Kailia ?
and where do they live ?
oh_my_goodness , so we weren't at their house actually were we ?
no , but you were thinking of their names .
thank you , I noticed it actually makes a very , very nice hat .
what , show me .
what are webs for ?
&-um hm .
and who , who uses webs ?
&-um hm .
do you like spiders ?
you do .
he does pretty much , right ?
sometimes we collect them in the Summer .
he has all kinds of little collection kits , right Boo ?
oh wow .
&-uh huh , we collect bu , all kinds of little bugs .
what else did you collect this Summer that you brought home and we put it in a big aquarium thing .
you forget ?
it's a snake .
a snake ?
&-um hm .
do you still have him ?
oh , what happened ?
oh .
where'd we find the snake ?
&-um hm .
what was he doing ?
yeah ?
and then you and Daddy caught him , right ?
he was cool , but what did he do sometime , he was kinda scared , cause what happened when you would go right by his cage , what would he do ?
he would strike , strike .
how scary .
what'd you do when he did that ?
he wouldn't jump .
he was inside a glass .
oh .
he didn't seem very happy to be in the cage , or in the glass aquarium , so we let him go .
yep .
yeah .
but &-um you know , &-um Doctor Weist was wondering if we would talk about what our vacation plans are where we're going over Christmas .
where are we going ?
and what are we going to go to to see in Chicago ?
&-um hm .
wow .
and what is so interesting about the Sears Tower ?
is it really ?
&-uh hum , it is , we've never been , we saw it , right Matty ?
how do we go in it ?
do we crawl up the side , or how do we go in it you think ?
there's probably a door , yeah .
probably is , and then we go inside , well you and Daddy went to a big tall , tall thing in &-um , Niagara Falls right ?
yeah .
how did you get up to the top there ?
&-um hm , you took an elevator , yeah .
was that the CN Tower ?
&-um , I forget , I didn't go .
did it rotate ?
does he know what that means ?
did it go around , and around Matty ?
the top part that you were at ?
no .
I don't know .
but it was a tall thing , so that's right though , that's what I was thinking , you took an elevator to get there .
there was a couple elevators .
&-um , well we're gonna go up , up , up in the Sears Tower for sure .
you know how many , I should tell you how many days until we go there actually , it might be very interesting .
today's Friday , okay ?
so we got Saturday , Sunday , Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday .
five days .
wow .
well , we are actually leaving for Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale in three days .
Monday , and then on Wednesday we'll probably go to the Sears Tower .
are you excited for Christmas ?
what did you ask for ?
oh , a remote control car ?
just anything ?
remote control ?
so I don't really remember hearing too much about that particular thing .
was there anything else you wanted ?
there is one thing that I know you wanted , but &-um but then you said that somebody else at school was gonna get it for you .
do you remember what that was ?
what is it ?
Barbie of Swan Lake movie , yes .
so , so he's thinking maybe somebody at school will get it for him .
oh .
but I actually , member I was gonna buy you a d_v_d too .
&-um , it's well , a movie that you really , really like a lot .
I'll give you a hint , it starts with a w .
Wil ?
Willy ?
we love that one .
that is a good movie .
so , that is a good movie .
did you , have you ever seen that movie ?
&-uh &-uh .
oh_my_goodness , you gotta tell her .
what happens in Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory ?
oh wow !
do they get to eat chocolate ?
wow .
one kid , member , he tried to have too much chocolate , what happened to him ?
Agustus .
&-um hm .
there was this whole river made out_of chocolate , and he was drinking it , right ?
yep .
what happened to that one girl that was very spoiled ?
yeah , what is she askin for ?
do you remember what she was asking for ?
&-um hm .
what happened to Charlie ?
nothing ?
what happened to Mike t_v ?
what happened to Mike t_v ?
&-um hm .
that's right , he wanted to be the first person to travel by t_v waves , right ?
member he was floating all above em in little tiny pieces ?
and then he showed up on the t_v screen .
&-um hm .
but you know , Carey is right about somethin , something happens to Charlie and Grandpa Joe .
how did they almost get hurt ?
yeah .
how did that happened ?
do you know what was funny ?
how did they get down ?
burped all the way down .
and there were bubbles , huh ?
yeah .
good movie .
yep , that's a really really good movie .
then I'm trying to remember , so we talked about what happened on Mike t_v , Agustus glue , ah what happened to that one girl who ate the gum ?
Violet ?
and what did the Umpa Lumpas do to her ?
uhhuh .
did they role her away ?
do you remember ?
yeah , that was funny .
yeah , you're right though , they hadta take her to the juicer room .
it's totally funny .
what song did they sing ?
do you remember it ?
how does it go ?
it is .
good memory .
I don't remember much about the rest of the song , cause they have a little different songs for each of the different kids , right ?
&-um hm .
so this is , this is a very interesting part of the movie to me , because at the end of it , remember he first told Charlie that he lost .
&-um hm , and then he said , “you win” , but what , you know what , this is funny , what's the part of the movie that could never really happen ?
like what's the deal with Grandpa Joe and the bed ?
yep he just got up and danced , didn't he ?
that could never happen , right ?
that was totally funny .
so , anyway , yeah , so that's one of the gifts that I got you remember ?
you're gonna get to open it so you can take it on the trip .
you know , so you have it to watch it in the car .
I got it with , when I was with Daddy , same day .
we had a good time at Walmart .
we all kinds of stuff that day .
what , do you remember , did Daddy tell you what we're gonna go do tonight ?
&-um well we're gonna go , shopping again .
we just hafta finish our shopping .
but you know what , I was thinking we will probably go out to eat dinner .
what's your favorite place to eat , that we might go to ?
Mcdonalds is your favorite place ?
yeah .
it seems like it has gum in it honey .
what is it ?
picture ?
did you make it Matty ?
oh_my_goodness , that is beautiful , where'd you get that ?
oh_my_goodness , you totally found it , you must have been so excited that you found it again .
yeah .
&-um , can I see it ?
I won't loose it .
that was a smart idea to wrap it up in there .
oh it's beautiful .
is that a bead ?
&-um hm .
you know what it looks like to me ?
doesn't it look quite a bit like a diamond ?
wow .
he is like , give it back .
maybe what , you know maybe it is a diamond .
how do you know , maybe it truly is a diamond .
yeah , to be able to put it on a ring , or in a necklace or something .
do you know , do you know where diamonds come from ?
compressed charcoal .
do you know what that means ?
over a long period of time , charcoal gets pushed down by the earth , and then it forms into diamonds , and crystalizes .
pretty cool , huh .
go tell Roman that .
Roman is really funny .
you didn't see him today , but we saw him yesterday at gymnastics right ?
yes , believe it or not , guess what he's gonna do tomorrow night ?
what were we talking about this morning ?
oh wow .
talk about what , what you guys might do .
what would you like to do with Roman and Sophie ?
play what ?
play Shoots and Ladders .
yes , that's a very fun game definitely a fun game .
anything else ?
and Candy Land too yes .
where ?
oh , I just didn't know where you were going .
oh , that reminds me though .
what did we forget to bring back today ?
&-uh oh .
we have another car that we borrowed , yes .
that's okay .
yes .
we trust you .
we took it out , we just totally forgot to bring it back though .
yeah .
so I was thinking about , hm well do you know about our , what we're gonna do on our trip Matty ?
well , you know we're gonna go to the Sears Towers , right ?
and we're gonna go Grandma Sharon and Grandpa Dale's .
we're gonna go to the museum ?
which museum ?
oh the dinosaur museum .
why don't you come over here honey .
I can't see you , or hear you .
you can play with the car at the end .
the dinosaur museum yes .
that is totally cool .
what do you think that they'll have there ?
yeah .
I bet you're right , what else do they tend to have at those kind of museums ?
what ?
well , sometimes they have animals that are like dead , right ?
not just the bones , but the whole animal , right ?
yeah , so you can see what the animals look like .
it's almost like a zoo , kinda , right ?
except ?
, I know , I always thought that that was very odd actually .
when they try to , you know they set up the dioramas , and displays , and stuff ?
yep .
in their little natural habitats .
but you had an idea , he was so funny , rmember Matty , you said , “how many days are we gonna be at Grandma Sharon's and Grandpa Dales” , and I said , four , and he said , “well , that should be enough days” , cause he wanted to go to my parents actually live an hour and a half from Chicago .
&-um hm .
so he was like , “well that will give us three days , one day to go to Sears Towers” right , “one day to go to the dinosaur museum” , and what was the other place you wanted to go ?
oh , you don't remember ?
hm you went there this Summer with Daddy and you and Daddy had a really good time ?
you still don't remember ?
let me give you a hint .
oh , now you remember , okay what ?
oh , wow .
aquarium , but we decided we probably will only go to Chicago one , one day .
Sears Towers , and dinosaur museum , right ?
in one day .
it's gonna be a long day , right ?
yeah .
yeah .
and then , also on the trip , you're gonna go visit ?
Grandma and Grandpa ?
yes .
what do you think you'll do there ?
are you gonna eat ?
what will you have ?
what's your favorite food ?
you say that ?
I think that's probably true , you tend to choose those a lot .
or noodles you tend to like curly noodles cheesy noodles , right ?
pizza ?
I know what I would say your favorite food is .
I gonna have a new guess .
okay , and then tell me which one truly is your favorite .
could it possibly be mozzarella sticks cheese sticks ?
do you like those better than chicken nuggets , or you like chicken nuggets better ?
which one do you eat more ?
&-um , more recently , you probably eat the cheese sticks a little bit more often .
cheese sticks .
so , at Grandma , Grandma and Grandpa Zevenburgen's , we don't do that many specific things .
we tend to just visit .
cause there's lots_of family there , right ?
Cody , and Kaylia , and Heidi , and the new baby , and , and then Jaden , right ?
yeah , they probably don't know who Jaden is though .
who is Jaden ?
you forget .
because you haven't seen here in a long time that's true , probably .
you know what ?
I just was thinking , it might actually be two years since you've seen Jaden .
whoa , that is a long time honey .
that's amazing .
I could be right though , yeah .
anyway , that's his cousin but we don't really see them because Cody and Kaylia , they came with us .
member , they don't know about the trip this Summer !
when , we went to where with Cody and Kaylia ?
you forget ?
where did they have very big buildings and the Statue of Liberty ?
right .
&-um hm .
so they came and how did we get to New York City , remember ?
oh cool , I didn't know it went like that .
well , we went on a ferry .
I love the ferry , I love the ferry , choo choo choo , run run run .
running to the ferry , he loved , Matty told me he loved the ferry .
what are you doing right now ?
how do you make him run ?
and who is this ?
yeah , I don't know his name either , but he's from what movie ?
it has a lion in it .
&-um hm .
I actually remember his name , Rafiki .
yeah , Rafiki .
so how do you make him move ?
can you tell me ?
what is that ?
&-um hm .
do you push a button ?
yeah .
oh_my_goodness , what are you doing with all these different toys ?
oh_my_goodness that's not okay honey , what's a matter honey ?
that's not okay , what does it seem to me that if you're dropping them on the floor and saying ow , what does that , what do you think I would think about that , that that is what ?
aggressive , right .
that's not okay .
hey , speaking about aggressive , how did Dawson do at school today ?
okay , well .
who's Dawson ?
oh .
oh , he and Jack James are friends huh ?
hm .
so , did Dawson get any yellow sticks today ?
what are yellow sticks ?
a bad job ?
at what ?
