what is it ?
a tonk ?
you meant it didn't entirely go right ?
yeah .
why don't you try one more time ?
where'd you get that at ?
Walmart for eight year old kids ?
yeah .
wow !
pretty cool huh ?
yeah .
okay , so do you wanna talk a little bit about &-um what we've been doing , maybe lets just do that one more time okay and then we'll kinda talk about different things , cause we have not seen Helga since before Christmas .
I know .
did you have fun on your vacation ?
yeah .
okay it's super , super , super fun , but it will be we will concentrate on this , and then we won't have a chance to talk too much .
so where , what was you favorite favorite thing about vacation ?
I already know this answer .
The Sears Tower .
is it really , really high ?
you did , were you scared ?
no .
you were telling me something about the elevators though .
what were you feeling about the elevator ?
so you thought you were stuck in there ?
oh , but you weren't huh ?
good thing .
so we went to the top of the Sears Tower , and what can you do when you're at the top ?
look out the windows ?
do the houses look this tiny ?
oh .
didn't see any houses , what did we see mostly out the windows ?
other towers , right ?
&-um hm .
the towers were tiny that's true .
so we went to the Sears Towers , and then what did you do with ah with ah Jaden that you had a super fun time ?
inside ?
yeah ?
&-um hm .
but what was the problem kinda with Jaden in terms of sleeping ?
what was she doing ?
she was hitting you with the pillows ?
oh_my_goodness .
that's interesting .
did you hit her back ?
oh she's asking you if you hit her back ?
no .
so_that was very very fun part of our trip , and then what were some of the presents you got this Christmas ?
&-um hm .
well you actually got one microscope and you got a couple of magnifying glasses too .
two microscopes , did Gran , did Grandpa Zevenburgen , wasn't that a little microscope too , right ?
right it was a kinda different one , you were right though you did get two of them .
and then what was you thing that you keep telling everybody was your very favorite gift ?
the bike !
what kind of a bike is it ?
a mountain bike .
so we have , we've have quite a bit of things going on , and this Saturday the one that just passed there was something kind of fun that happened on this past Saturday .
do you remember someone came over who had never been to our house before ?
yes , so what did you and Mckayla do ?
&-uh &~ha , think a little bit about it , she was over at our house for like three hours .
remember , what are some things you did ?
&-uh hm .
tell her about the bubble story .
some boy clothes ?
yes , you were they , they were playing bubbles and swoosh the whole pretty , pretty good amount of that bottle fell on her didn't it ?
that's right , that's very true .
how bout another thing you did on Saturday I think , right after Mckayla left , it was Sunday , you and Daddy went sledding , talk about going sledding , that was super super fun right ?
you stayed a long time , and unfortunately he got injured and hadta go the hospital .
no ?
you know , Helga doesn't even know the story about what happened to your eye .
what happened ?
oh .
did that hurt ?
how did you get hurt , where were you ?
&-um hm .
ouch .
&-uh hm , it was really sad .
member Daddy , remember Daddy carried you_all the way home , and then drove you to the to the hospital .
what was I doing , who was I watching too at the time ?
&-uh hm , so I hadta call Eileen and say , “come get James please , please , Matty hadta go to the hospital” .
you don't think so huh ?
oh , alright I thought I did .
well , there was another thing I was thinking about that Helga might be very interested in hearing about and that is this weekend .
oh you wanna talk about that story instead ?
okay , tell her about the fridge .
which one was I going to tell you about ?
the one , it's actually this weekend that has not yet happened , it's next weekend .
one night , what's gonna happen ?
well let's see , I'll give you a hint , it has something to do with Roman and something to do with sleeping .
wow .
&-um hm very big boy thing to do .
&-um hm .
without them ?
yep , that's gonna be super fun .
and then , so that's Sunday night , but Saturday night what else is gonna happen in terms of sleeping and Roman ?
&-uh hm , so he's first gonna sleep at your house , and then , the next night , you're gonna sleep at his house and then the next night , both of you are going to sleep in North Dakota .
no ?
no , that was , that was too funny huh .
today was sort of interesting , when I it was time to pick you up from school , what was that what was going on with that ?
well , were you surprised to see any particular person outside your classroom door ?
&-uh hm , yes he was .
cause his school got canceled today , right ?
so then he came to pick you up from your school , so_that was kind of interesting .
oh , so let's see now I'm trying to remember what else we've been doin , we've been doing so many things hm .
we haven't been to the movies lately , but you did get a new movie at Christmas that you've been watching everyday almost .
Quest For Camelot .
can you say what happens in that story ?
yes , that's alright .
cause he sticks the he doesn't mean to , but the sword goes back into the stone , right ?
and , he cannot get his arm out .
and then he turns just into what ?
what do you think he turn into at the end ?
no , he kind of disappears there right ?
or melts or something I dunno .
so , anyway , and then , what happens to the man and the lady ?
they get married .
and , do you remember the other thing ?
they get to be knights at the round table !
and then the sword , does it stay in this in the big rock , or stone ?
what happens to it ?
what happens to the big rock ?
what happens to the big sword that was in the rock ?
Excaliber , what happens to Excaliber ?
&-uh hm , he pulls it out , cause he is the king .
he's the only one who can take Excaliber out_of the stone right ?
yeah .
yesterday was very interesting because we were going to go get a new book .
yes , instead of getting a Jeniby Jones book , he got a new book about King Arthur because you have been very interested in King Arthur stories right ?
yes .
okay , oop hold on , we'll both do it together ready ?
oh no !
do you wanna draw , or do you wanna play &-um the game where we &-um have the cash register ?
where I needta pay for the dinosaurs , well you know what , I'm not sure there is any dinosaurs , let's see .
I am sure we can find some .
hm , how bout I have the store ?
no , how come ?
alright you can be the one who sells the stuff .
hm she's searching .
here's one .
oh_my_goodness that's a pretty cool one .
ooh a scary one .
yeah , I dunno if I want him .
he's just protecting himself ?
I dunno , let me see his teeth .
oh yeah , you're right , he seems okay I guess .
alright .
yeah , but this is fine because I think I only wanna buy one anyway .
come free ?
hm .
well tell me about each one , so I can decide which one .
how_about him ?
I'm not sure about him being a plant eater , I think he is a little Velociraptor .
not a plant eater .
you think so ?
look at his face !
I dunno .
okay well let's see , I would like .
he's trying to bite the bad one's head off ?
well , who's the bad one ?
&-um .
he's searching for all the mean dinosaurs .
okay , well I wanna buy &-um I think him .
you sure ?
you said he's gonna bite other dinosaurs heads off .
oh , he does ?
cool .
so when you buy him , you get him free right , cause he's on the back ?
alright , well how much is this dinosaur anyway ?
one dollar ?
here's your money .
oh_my_goodness .
now , what .
what what kinds of things do these dinosaurs eat ?
all of it ?
well do they have certain favorites ?
&-um , okay .
so , how much does all this food cost ?
nothing .
really ?
ten dollars right there , okay , okay ten dollars .
alright well hm I admit , I'm a little worried .
nothing to worry about huh ?
I known I've never known anyone who had dinosaurs as pets .
oh really ?
how , don't the people needta live at their own house ?
oh .
then how can they watch the dinosaurs ?
oh , so since the dinosaurs aren't real then the people not being real doesn't matter right ?
okay .
can I buy him ?
cool alright well great .
do you mind helping me ah take these things home , it seems kinda heavy with all these different items ?
this is where I live .
I thought that maybe they'd like to live underneath here .
then they can each have their own space .
how's that sound ?
<ring> ring .
hello .
what ?
you're sposta say , “hello , this is Matthew's pet shop” .
oh okay .
ah hi you're the one who sold me all the dinosaurs , right ?
ah , I'm having a little bit of trouble .
you told me that this one <this> this mean one would not eat my other dinosaurs .
well , he is .
he keeps chewing on the Brachiasaurus's neck .
I'd like you to come and , come back and get him please .
hello , hello !
did he just break that ?
no , .
here you go , I can't keep him .
I'm so sorry .
oh_my_goodness , he wants to stay ?
ah , but I don't want him to eat meat , he's sposta be a plant eater I thought ?
oh okay , he drove away , okay , okay .
I think that we'll be fine now .
I think we'll have a good coexistence now .
okay .
did you put him in timeout ?
he says he's not gonna eat my dinosaurs anymore ?
do you have something I could use to tie up his mouth ?
hm .
how bout this ?
can I use this ?
you're right .
hm alright , I think I just hafta .
hm we can check .
she might have string huh .
this is kind of a string .
oh great , we'll use that .
do you know what that's from Matty ?
yeah , that's to help Harry Potter fly .
okay , I wanted to tell you I have a little bit of a problem .
okay , I'm going to be going on a trip soon .
I was wondering if you could come , and babysit for the dinosaurs .
what !
no , no , no , my I'm going to my mom's house , and she is very afraid of dinosaurs .
so I don't really think I can bring them with .
can't you just take them back ?
Harry Potter ?
&-um , I don't if I saw , see it .
I don't see the guy here .
yeah , I don't know honey .
why don't you just wear it as a necklace .
what a beautiful necklace see ?
can Spiderman go flying on it ?
it must be lost .
what do you wanna have Matty , something to what ?
each of those things you mean ?
do they open up ?
you almost got it .
do you want help ?
yeah , oh she got it great .
so we can that be to tie up my that , that &-um meateaters mouth , or are you gonna do something else with it now ?
remember you said I could bring it with to help my , tie up my dinosaurs .
oh you are talking about bringing my dinosaurs with me on the trip !
no , I can't !
leave him in the car , what happens when people walk by ?
they'll be very scared .
yes , my grandma ?
other people , just neighbors , people going to the grocery store and stuff , they would be screaming .
hm .
can we tie him up in the web ?
here , lets tie his mouth up in the web .
it would be like , “help , help , I can't move my mouth” .
.
oh , good idea .
&-um hm .
is that working pretty good ?
you could just put it in his mouth , oh good .
there's one problem , he can still bite ?
you tried to fill up his mouth huh ?
with spider webs ?
actually it's beautiful .
but no , now he's safe , he won't be able to bother the Brachiasaurus anymore , good idea .
so are you still gonna watch him while I'm on my trip ?
no ?
hey , I talked to you about going bowling remember ?
remember last night I went bowling , and I was thinking that you might wanna go bowling too .
it is only on Sundays for kids .
oh .
you wanna try it with big people's what ?
to go bowling yeah , cause that's the thing on Sunday afternoons they have little pins .
or I think the pins are the same size , but they have lighter balls , cause balls can be very heavy to throw bowling balls .
it's going to be fun though isn't it ?
you gotta see if you can get a strike and knock all of them down , right ?
those are gonna be really loud .
how_about if we do it right at the end , cause you know how those are super loud ?
yeah .
so at school today , I was wondering , how's Dawson been doing ?
oh no .
a yellow stick , you heard about Dawson before , right ?
yeah .
what did he do to get a yellow stick ?
oh_my_goodness , did anyone else get one ?
who , Dawson ?
oh .
but it was just to late huh ?
he didn't have a chance to get the other one out ?
so he speckled it huh ?
yeah .
I didn't notice , did you get a sticker from naptime today ?
how come ?
how come ?
were you talkin to what's her name again ?
did anybody else get stickers ?
oh no , maybe tomorrow .
oh_my_goodness .
am I understanding this right , you got a yellow stick today for a little while ?
huh why did you get a yellow stick today ?
you were just kneeling ?
oh okay is this what happened ?
for naptime , like the rest of the day was fine , and then at naptime you got a yellow stick , and then it went okay , and she took the yellow stick out ?
hm , very interesting .
well , we're gonna hafta try to think about how to makes sure it goes better .
do you know , I was very surprised .
I did not know that you got a yellow stick today .
not bed early cause you got the yellow stick taken out , yeah .
but if you had had the yellow stick still .
bed early .
what time is you hafta go to bed if it's early ?
maybe like six ?
there's more what ?
right , cause you usually go to bed at eight , so seven o'clock you miss all that entirely right if you went to bed at six ?
well , it looks like we don't hafta go to bed early though , so that's good news .
cause you've got some stuff to do tonight , right ?
like ?
yeah , eat what else ?
oh the poor dinosaur .
well I thought you might wanna play with your top tonight .
alright ?
we've been also writing thank you letters , right ?
what , &-um hm ?
I see .
you know actually I've never tried this , can I see ?
okay we will do it together .
pull it out super fast ?
okay , am I good to go ?
then I grab this , and pull it out as fast as I can ?
okay .
oh sorry .
I didn't mean to .
I never did it before .
have you ever seen one of these like this ?
I haven't .
oh , they seem very interesting .
okay , is this fast ?
is that right ?
not completely fast enough , okay .
oh zoom , okay .
okay , you gonna put it back in again ?
okay I'll try again .
hm okay , okay .
where does it get stuck in ?
okay , can I try ?
is that right ?
or did I put it in upside down ?
oh .
