okay let's see if we find paper . 

and crayons .
oh I see some crayons to be crayons right here .
hum .
here are some glitter crayons .
ooh .
some yellow paper but somebody already drew on these .
huh that's a pretty good one .
there's a oh there's actually quite a bit of paper left .
yeah .
.
there you go do you want markers too ?
okay .
here's your normal regular .
which ones do you like better Matty ?
do you think you like the glitter ones better ?
yeah .
okay .
oh so she's going to be very curious as to what you are gonna be making .
what are you planning on here ?
you know how to make him ?
wow that's a great idea since you've been talking about him at school .
what do you know about Abraham Lincloln ?
we talked about him a little bit yesterday what did he do that was important that he said about the people that were slaves ?
no more slave states that's right he said no more slave states that's right .
yeah what did he think about the people that were a different color ?
he thought what ?
should we treat them differently , should we make them sit in the back of the bus or make them be slaves , what did he think ?
&-uh hum , everybody should be considered equal , right ?
&-uh hum .
we haven't really talked about this too much , are there any other presidents you talked about at school ?
who else ?
did you talk about George Washington ?
yeah do you remember anything about him ?
no , I don't really know too much except he was the first president .
yeah , that's pretty cool .
so we've been doing lots_of stuff since we saw her cause one of the things that's been very exciting was is a couple a days ago there was Valentine's Day !
yeah .
so what did you do for you school for Valentine's Day ?
you brought valentines .
for ?
&-uh hum .
now did you just bring them to the kids you are really are good friends with or what ?
that's nice .
yeah .
and so how did you , how do we know who's valentine's is who , what did you hafta do ?
&-uh hum , write the names on every valentine yep .
that was pretty cool .
and then what did you end up getting from your classroom on Valentine's Day ?
&-uh hum , is that it , just the paper valentines anything else ?
yeah .
some toys , some pencils .
some kids brought pencils some people brought candy yep .
that is awesome .
you drew the hair mostly yep yep I see the hair on him .
&-uh hum , you can see it it's light but you can definitely see it .
what do you think would that be a good idea ?
yeah maybe then we can see it a little better .
is .
you're gonna try that one try that pink .
well we did something that was super fun on Sun Saturday night do you remember what did we go see as a whole family , where did we go ?
well we drove there I'll give you a little hint there were some fireworks !
so what did we see there besides fireworks ?
the ice castles .
okay so what's an ice castle anyway ?
and then what else was right by there besides an ice castle , what else was kind of near there surrounding the ice castle ?
some what ?
you're trying to remember the word right ?
they were ice sculptures .
yeah we saw lots_of ice sculptures .
some of them were broken though by the time we went that was disappointing .
and what were some of the other kids doing that evening ?
that we thought it was kind of too cold maybe to do or too icy what were some of the kids doing there ?
&-uh hum , playing in the snow they had big snow hills and the kids were playing on it .
so_that was pretty cool .
and then remember you chose something there ?
a light up sword .
wow .
that was very helpful , because remember what did what did I use it for when we were walking back to the car ?
&-uh hum , so we would be safe and nobody would hit us with their car yeah so_that was kind of great yeah .
so I held it out by the road right .
&-uh hum .
so_that was helpful .
I'm trying to think of what else .
you and daddy went sledding this weekend too .
right , that was something else that happened .
he told me some funny stories about that .
didn't you guy's crash or something ?
yeah .
tell her about that .
and then he use his foot to to for brakes breaks and daddy made us crash .
wow so was that fun or were you scared ?
not too bad .
you did get cold yeah I know .
mommy hasn't really gone sledding too much recently cause I got wet everywhere and I got full of snow and I got cold .
I don't like being cold how bout you ?
yeah so you gotta go sledding recently and hm I'm trying to think of what else we have been up to hm well of_course there was Valentine's Day .
oh on Saturday or Sunday rather remember we went shopping oh_my_goodness we went everywhere shopping do you remember that ?
and what did we decide in terms of at the mall if you did a great job at the mall then what ?
Abraham Lincoln ?
okay .
Abraham Lincoln .
now Abraham is missing something .
hm .
yeah .
poor Abraham needs what ?
you'll draw it okay .
you've forgotten though sometimes I dunno why cause you've got two yourself right .
yeah .
so &-uh , we went shopping yep and he was allowed to get ah what did you chose for your snack ?
are those his knees ?
oh his pockets to keep stuff in his pockets that's a good idea .
did you forget what you chose at the mall ?
let me give you a hint , you go like this .
what could that be ?
ice cream , mm .
yeah an ice cream cone .
cause he did do a good job it's hard at the mall cause we really literally went to like three malls we did a_lot_of shopping we didn't go inside of all of them .
but remember right before we went to the first mall you were not feeling well remember what you said to me ?
no I do you said I'm gonna ?
you said I'm gonna throw up .
you didn't though but you thought you were gonna in the car so we stopped right away and we had lunch cause you weren't feelin very well in the car .
you told me actually something that happened one day when I was at work cause daddy has been off work all week so you stayed home with daddy on Monday and then there was something that happened in terms of your not feeling well , do you remember that ?
no okay well I heard a story about how you threw up everywhere .
everywhere well not everywhere but a_lot_of places right ?
&-um hm .
we actually had couple of other interesting days cause I hadta go to Seattle right .
so who took care of you when I went to Seattle ?
&-um hm and who else ?
didn't somebody hafta didn't hafta go to somebody's house and stuff ?
you need a tissue I know .
I have one .
oh you do , that's great .
hey Boo .
what are these ?
how many fingers does he have ?
oh_man he got three more .
he's been kind of sick .
blow , go ahead and blow .
wow , lots .
I know yuck ick you've got another one ?
she's a very helpful person go ahead .
yeah I don't know how you got sick .
but there was one night member a couple a nights ago you woke up and said mommy mommy and what did you wanna do in the middle of the night ?
did you wanna stay in your own bed ?
how come ?
well you said in_case you threw up right .
you wanted us to see that you were sick .
did you throw up in mommy and daddy's bed ?
that's what he said , he didn't wanna get his own bed messy right Boo ?
just not in mine in mommy and daddy's bed .
there's been actually I had something that I wondered if Helga would know much about and that is we've been watching this movie a lot .
right and then we actually checked it for a week out but then daddy forgot to return it well I kind of forgot too but I thought daddy was gonna do it and anyway so what happened we got it ?
it was overdue yeah , so we got it for another week but you watched that pretty much almost every day but do you know what the name of it is ?
Jumanji .
have you ever seen that movie ?
&-uh hum .
oh , that's a great movie .
that's such a funny show oh that's an awesome sun that makes it for a very sunny day .
so what's your favorite part of Jumanji ?
oops .
oops the crayons are falling out .
so what's your favorite part of Jumanji Boo ?
but he really didn't die right ?
she couldn't have died so what happened to her ?
she played dead .
I am trying to think of what my favorite part is hm I dunno .
I kind of like the end when everything gets sucked back up into the game that part's cool .
I can't remember what anything looked like .
you don't need it ?
you were telling the people at your school about your favorite animal that was in that movie .
you remember ?
well so which is your favorite animal ?
you liked the elephants .
it smooshes it which isn't really what would happen what would really happen ?
well think about it .
for .
yeah but instead he just gets kind of stuck in his car .
it's a very pretty ball isn't it I like it .
so what would you like to do Boo you made an awesome picture of Abraham Lincoln .
what do you wanna do next do you wanna play with this little house thing ?
do you want more paper ?
okay .
George Bush ?
oh okay you can draw that now sure .
he has short hair .
kind of brown I think I think just brown hair right ?
&-um hum .
maybe kind of brown or maybe gray .
sure , you draw the head and I'll do the hair sure .
hope you like green does he have a green head maybe ?
pink on pink .
hum here we go here is his head and then he's got some brown .
I'll put the brown here on .
how's this color of brown is this one fine ?
I think it is maroon that's pretty .
how_about this here's a brown ?
are you alright ?
that's probably pretty much it good ?
oh_my_goodness that's a funny part .
do you remember why mommy and daddy don't really like the president ?
oh what did he decide that we should do or that we should have that mommy and daddy don't think we should have ?
yes that's right .
why did he think so ?
&-um .
good question .
well I think he thought that there were some bad people in this country and so he thought that he should have a war with them but the bad people probably weren't gonna hurt us and they probably won't .
you know except you know what the people in this other country that's called Iraq they were hurting they own people so that's not very good , and he was going to try and save people there .
do you think that sounds good that he was going to try to save people from a mean guy ?
but now we're still stuck in the war so that's too bad cause we were .
so we should draw him , what kind of a face should we make him ?
scared ?
he might be scared cause he might not be the president anymore , we're gonna get a new one maybe maybe he's scared .
you think he is happy ?
cause he's president now ?
that's a very big smile .
happy guy huh ?
now he lives in Washington D C member when you went to visit there ?
that was a good trip .
remember we saw &-uh .
I know , I didn't go to Washington D C but I did go to the other place .
New York City .
member what did we all see together in New York City that was super super super cool ?
do you remember ?
there was a lady .
she stands like this with a book and her torch .
she's very tall .
what ?
the Statue of .
the Statue of Liberty yeah we went and saw that .
that was cool you liked the Statue of Liberty a lot .
your dad yep it's true like a little key chain thing right ?
&-uh hum , what would you say is your favorite place we ever visited ?
I'll tell you the names ready Sears Towers Statue of Liberty or &-um the Washington the big thing with Lincoln in Washington D C ?
which do you think is the coolest of those ?
&-um hm .
you don't need a ball , okay .
so what do you think which one's the coolest ?
okay Sears Tower or Statue of Liberty or the Lincoln Memorial ?
Sears Tower's your favorite .
how come ?
is it taller than Statue of Liberty ?
yeah .
Sears Tower Sears Tower is the tallest building in the ?
world that's right Sears Tower is tall .
but Statue of Liberty is kind of cool too cause when you go to the Statue of Liberty how do you get there ?
that's kind of fun .
when we went from Connecticut to New York .
we took a very , a really big ferry we were on the boat for about an hour and half that was quite an adventure .
you definitely made him a plaid shirt I think it looks great yep awesome job .
are you going to put his arms on ?
yeah , yep that's him .
let's put his name on the top too okay .
no , or or should I write the names or are you gonna write the names ?
I'll tell you the letters .
you did it for the valentine okay .
you could send a valentine to him .
no .
how bout to Lincoln ?
what ?
why not ?
who stuff like that sending valentine's to the president .
oh okay .
now we still hafta send your present to grandpa Zevenburgen remember we got a present got a present for him together we never mailed it .
alright alright so George is the first name .
George Washington I mean no no George W Bush or President Bush is what people usually just .
great he's a happy guy huh ?
I like both your pictures .
is it a sunny day for George Bush or no ?
cause you know Lincoln got a sun a sun there how bout George Bush ?
oh you were thinking about the sun huh .
so what do you think about being a president of the whole country and being in charge of the whole country what do you do you wanna do that maybe when you get older ?
how come ?
you think it would be a_lot_of work ?
what do you think you maybe wanna do ?
not sure you useta sometimes say you wanted to be an astronaut .
that would be cool huh ?
&-um sometimes you useta say you wanted to be a doctor or a veterinarian .
&-uh hum , you could take care of our own pets exactly good idea .
they might hafta stay overnight if they are very sick yes .
that would be good .
how bout do you wanna be a police man ?
yeah you think that would be cool ?
alright George W Bush sunny day .
do you ever draw smiles on the sun ?
like a happy sun ?
you don't draw them like that huh ?
okay just for this one this one time .
you forgot what was that ?
hm .
so I asked you before about Dawson getting into trouble today but said you couldn't remember what he did huh ?
how bout the other days what's up with Dawson ?
yeah hm you think he's finally learning the rules ?
that's good how_about anyone else anybody else having trouble ?
whoa .
Fickely yeah .
oh_my_goodness , so Brian made a gun out_of what ?
how did he , did the teacher know he was making a gun ?
did the teacher know that ?
and what did she say ?
oh my god , that is a scary thing yike that doesn't sound so good .
now did you get to pick from the quiet pile yesterday ?
did other kids ?
hm , how come you didn't ?
because ?
because he hadta go over to Cindy's house with daddy and then you got a blue stick .
yeah , I hope you feel well enough to go to school tomorrow honey .
yeah .
maybe we'll make it home now we'll just put you to bed .
don't you needta rest ?
okay , I don't want you to stick your finger in your nose that's why I have a tissue for you .
they're hard tissues .
they're not very soft ?
I think you sat on there once and fell didn't you ?
are you okay , I don't want you to fall I want you just you know .
you can sit there I just don't want you to fall and get hurt .
how old were you ?
three I think .
three last year when you were a fire fly .
yeah you were three .
how old do you think you were ?
oh was it recently ?
it wasn't super long ago ?
oh I forget you might've been four it might've been this year .
how old are you now ?
four when's your birthday ?
wow that's kind of coming up .
it is , let's see we are already in February so March April May June that's only like four months .
we've been talking about having a party maybe where are you feeling in terms of that now ?
you still wanna have a party ?
a Jenny B Jones party really ?
so you'll be right at the end and you'll give the prize out what will the prize be ?
&-uh hum , that sounds like a great game the treasure hunt game what else would you like to do at your birthday party ?
that's a fun game .
will you have your eyes covered I know you don't always like to have your eyes covered ?
you'll be okay with that ?
okay , how_about .
