we're gonna go away for a while and that will be fun . 

a trip .
yeah where're we going tomorrow Boo ?
ah .
going to the store ?
no .
going further ?
what're we going to do you might not remember the town what're we going to do at the place we're going to ?
see dinosaurs at the dinosaur museum .
yes and what's the other thing that is going to happen ?
wow at the hotel swimming pool .
so , were you just going to say something like go swimming with the dinosaurs ?
okay .
do you know how to swim ?
no .
how do you usually do it when you're in the pool with daddy ?
do you put something on your hands ?
no .
daddy just carries you right ?
yeah Matty's not afraid of the water though right ?
no .
and then sometimes do you ride on daddy's back when he's swimming ?
yeah that's cool .
now I love the water right isn't that true I always go swimming with you two right ?
hm ?
that is not true !
what'd I usually do ?
stay in the room right or maybe if there is a hot tub I go in the hot tub right ?
I like the hot tub .
yep we're gonna go away tomorrow and then we're gonna stay over night and then we're gonna come back Saturday we are not gonna be gone very long .
we're going to Pittsburgh .
oh .
that's the plan .
so what were we thinking about tonight ?
what were we just talking about in the bathroom ?
I'll tell her cause you're not sure .
we were planning to go .
the movie night well she doesn't know what a movie night is what happens at a movie night ?
touch your nose with your tongue .
I can't do that .
I can't either .
whoa we just realized something weird Boo .
do it again .
I did not know I could not do that .
neither can I .
oh_my_goodness .
so what happens during a movie night ?
do we just turn the tv on and whatever movie comes on we watch it ?
okay so what happens at the movie night ?
where do we get the movies ?
we can get one from the video store or sometimes we can check one out from the library right ?
so that's a possibility too .
so so why don't you tell her about that very cool thing about being on the computer today at your school .
two times you gotta play on the computer okay so what was the cool thing that happened with the picture hand ?
didn't you say something about a plane ?
whoa oops .
alright I'll pick these up you tell her about the plane .
this one .
any color okay I'll put these up here .
alright so what happened with how you hadta do things with the computer and then you made a plane how did that go ?
but what'd you do for that ?
okay you played a Blues Clues game and then ?
you were telling me about something how something with prizes .
you said something like you got all like there was like fifteen prizes and then at the end all the prizes made a puzzle and it turned into something right ?
&-um hm it turned into the plane and then what'd the plane do ?
around his whole room of his school .
well okay it just flew around on the computer .
I've been thinking about what we've been doing since we saw her .
you helped your daddy do something on the weekend you did a good job do you remember what you were helping daddy do recently ?
well I'll give you a hint it hasta do with the fact that we do not can't use the bathroom downstairs at our house anymore .
so what was the part that you helped with ?
you to did I did not know that you helped take the toilet out ?
and then what else did you do ?
hm was there other parts with the flooring ?
wasn't there something you did with the floor too ?
took the floor out too .
so you've been working on the bathroom and then on Monday was a special day cause you went to somebody's house .
yeah talk about what you did at Gabi's house .
you played with her brother's cars .
cool and what else did you do at her house ?
you .
not for real hm just pretending the idea that you threw crayons .
hm she doesn't have any food at her house right wasn't that an issue ?
you ate food what'd you have ?
crayons ?
you ate crayons ?
chocolate chocolate chip cookies that sounds pretty good .
&-um hm .
oh you know what I remember something very cool that we did since we've seen Helga last .
we went to an art museum .
Florida .
in Florida are you sure it was in Florida ?
oh well tell her about what you saw at the art museum .
I'm trying to member well we saw some sculptures that were very strange member the sculptures of people ?
yes they had no clothes on some of the sculptures &-um the people sculptures and you liked some of the pictures that were very bright right ?
and then when we left you got a little present do you remember what that was ?
hum we didn't actually finish it member you were working on it ?
okay so what was it ?
&-um hm .
what_about the necklace would you say is interesting ?
there's a fish on it right so and it has all these beads we hadta make it you started it but you did not finish it right maybe you wanna finish it tonight and we can bring it on our trip tomorrow .
yeah that would be cool .
so tell me about what you're drawing so intently what is this thing here ?
wires .
I wanna get that .
oh_my_goodness , that is totally cool where's the wheels ?
oh , that sounds like an awesome idea cool .
we played a fun game at home last night do you remember the one where you hadta do all those different things .
it was a fun game .
what were some of the funny things we hadta do ?
I hadta pull a pillow around yes .
what did you hafta do lots_of times ?
hadta sing a song .
and then another thing that we kept having to do was member flying around .
and we kept ah there was another one we kept running into too we kept having to do again and again what's the one with the animals remember naming the animals ?
which one ?
the one we both hadta do , huh &-uh I can't remember what was another one we hadta do ?
oh yeah yeah at the end of the game what do you hafta do ?
but what is it what're you doing ?
oh .
we stretch up and ?
touch the sky .
I member another we useta hafta do all the time too that was &-um go on all fours and pretend what ?
pretend that we were a cow yeah .
it was sposta be a game for the county fair .
&-um hm .
so we hadta go around and you hadta do different things .
it was kind of good exercise wasn't it ?
hum .
so I'm trying to think what else we've been doing this week .
we went to the art museum that was a big deal .
yes .
what do you need money for ?
you mean when we leave ?
okay well we will go out that exit okay and I will let you choose a candy bar if I have money .
okay we'll look in my purse .
what kind of candy do you like any kind ?
what kind ?
hm he likes Reeses peanut butter stuff .
see I don't cause you know what did we just do before we came here ?
we stopped to go to the bathroom at a place but what did we get at that place for you ?
what you forget when you already just ate it .
oh alright so that's what I am thinking about you had a cookie and then you are thinking about having candy too ?
what_about your dinner ?
you still want dinner too .
do you know what's in the freezer I think that you have not eaten yet ?
your favorite macaroni and cheese you know the spiral noodles .
from ah Boston Market .
you love those .
I was thinking you might .
so I was thinking we went to the art museum and then that same day we went to Buffalo to &-um go out to dinner or it was lunch remember and Matty had something that he'd never had before .
member what was in those those little won_tonszho those things that you had on your plate and we did not tell you until afterwards of what you ate do you remember ?
when they had little pieces of shrimp .
what'd you think about that ?
I think we should order you a big thing of shrimp now cause you probably really like it now .
you didn't even know you ate shrimp .
oh okay .
what's the only kind of meat you like really ?
pretty much yeah .
and another one you eat too .
what's another thing you might eat in a sandwich ?
ham he'll eat ham and chicken that's pretty much it .
these are all the wheels .
now I hafta admit I'm a little nervous if these are all wires is it safe to touch the paper ?
are you sure ?
I dunno I got a little little shocks from touching it .
you saw a movie that just had him in it recently .
what was it ?
do you remember what it's called ?
Lion King one and a half .
hum and he can do anything to his arms .
you can twist up the waist very well let's see oh yeah he can like even dance .
who's that do you know who that is sposta be ?
I think it this is sposta be &-um his brother George .
George Weesly .
yeah member he played Quidditch too .
we were just talking about Harry Potter in the bathroom how did you say it you said it perfectly how they say his name .
see you do it with an accent yeah .
do you know that a new Harry Potter movie's coming out this summer ?
yeah it's gonna be good we'll hafta go see it .
maybe we should watch that for our movie tonight the one with the giant snake .
no what would you like to get ?
do you have one in mind ?
have you seen on tv there's a commercial for a new Poo Bear movie .
you don't want it ?
you'll hafta just hafta see we'll look around a little bit but nothing scary .
okay .
nothing scary .
hum ?
something no no no no nothing scary don't say okay something scary okay Mommy nothing scary I agree .
okay .
okay .
so this is cool these are all the wheels huh ?
do you wanna draw anything else ?
that is not very nice please pick those up .
cause you know why I didn't want you to drop them like that ?
would do you think could happen to them ?
right but what could happen when they fall ?
get lost okay what else ?
they can get dirty right can you think of anything else ?
ruined that's kind of what I was thinking that the ends could break off the parts that you draw with you know ?
yeah .
do you want me to read the names of the colors they're kind of interesting names ?
they have kind of interesting names okay bring me the box please and we will put them back as we're done as we read them .
okay this has a very interesting name it's called green .
this one's called black .
okay this one has a interesting name tickle me pig .
see that's a cool name .
white with confetti glitter that's a good name .
gold red orange ah white red again yellow green hm , interesting so green and yellow green let's see oh yeah there's a big difference there .
which one do you think looks more like grass ?
yeah I think so too .
you're gonna make a grass picture now ?
turquoise blue this is called razzmatazz this is very interesting wild purple with ruby gold with ruby red glitter that's on here .
robins egg blue that's a very nice color .
and then this is .
robins egg blue it's the same color as a robins egg you know like a bird a robin it's the same color as the egg and this one's called blue green with glitzy gold glitter glitzy gold glitter whoa .
glitzy gold glitter .
that's a nice grass picture .
purple what .
oh great idea purple crickets I love that idea .
so you've got grass and purple crickets ?
awesome idea this must be a summer picture right ?
I love it .
I'm trying to think of what else we might have in the summer that you could put in your picture .
a white house oh that white looks pretty good it works on the green paper very well .
speaking of houses we were going up the stairs and Matty told me and this girl was there that the president was at our house right now remember that Boo you told her the president of the United States was at our house .
so that's cool that's a white house so they lived by the .
is this their lawn ?
oh it's our house very cool .
okay it's gonna be a gold chimney .
hm what color do you think smoke would be ?
gray oh there's a_lot_of smoke coming out_of that chimney .
you know another thing I'm a thinking about is Helga probably doesn't know where we are planning to go for the summer trip remember we went to get information on it .
where are we going this summer ?
you don't like Disney World do you ?
wow , what do you wanna go do over there ?
they have swimming pool at Disney World ?
really .
wow .
there's big water parks there now too .
also they have a park a place called Magic Kingdom right where they have castle .
and all the Disney characters .
and roller coasters .
huh .
oops that's gross don't do that please .
what else did you add to your summer picture you've got a chimney and a house and smoke coming out_of the chimney and we got grass with crickets what else ?
anything else you can think of for the house or for the picture ?
hum I don't think we have a brown .
are those what ?
.
cause otherwise how can you see out right ?
so is this I wondered is this since this was our house is this the door or is this your big playroom window ?
okay .
that's the door to go outside in the backyard or the front yard ?
hum .
well we love the summer we do so many cool things in the summer .
member we usually go we what we're going to Disney World we haven't gone there before but we usually go to the beach right in the summer ?
what else do we do in the summer ?
you forget .
sometimes we go to the library .
and we go to you have a certain game that you play where you kick a ball .
you play soccer yeah .
now I hope that we can sign you up for soccer I don't member I'm worried it might have already been the sign up time honey it might be too late .
we needta call member when how bout when we get home remind me and I'll call missus Eves and ask her okay ?
since I'm kind afraid we kind of missed it maybe that would be too bad huh ?
cause you wanna play again right ?
Matty last year was so close to getting a goal .
member that ?
oh .
it was so close though .
but at least the other boy got it right so your team got a point yeah .
thank you this is awesome look at there's two pictures I like em very much .
are they gonna be are we going to take them home or is she get to keep em ?
you're gonna take em home .
oh_my_goodness .
oh that's a little bit messy .
hey you know what this green reminds me of something that was yesterday .
oh no .
what was the holiday that was yesterday .
it is .
you've been teaching me all about saint Patrick because I did not know very much about him .
what happened to saint Patrick ?
you forget ?
whoa .
oops oh my after we're done with this we can play that game .
the problem with that game is that it's so loud you know ?
so what did you tell me about saint Patrick didn't he wasn't he a slave for a while or something what happened ?
well what did he do that was good though ?
he snuck away yeah that's true .
what did he do with the people in Ireland ?
you don't remember what he did with the people in Ireland ?
did he poke em ?
what did he tell em about ?
&-uh hm .
&-uh , you can do it something like this .
here tell doctor Weist and Helga about these things .
&-uh hm so he helped them to learn that right ?
oops yeah that crayon's broken .
so_that was pretty cool huh so they learned that ?
then the people in Ireland knew that they could understand ?
I know you want more of this crayon you wanna use the bigger part ?
oh yeah .
color on the back of the blue okay go ahead .
oh cool so that's how it looks right ?
it's like a mouse ?
okay well you try again then so if you like it try to do try to do it again then .
it kind of does .
here here let me make it into the mouse you ready .
here's his eyes here's his whiskers is that what you're thinking ?
here's his nose here's his smile here's a mouse yeah .
okay so that's what ?
what part is that ?
okay the stem and then ?
alright that's more how it is right ?
cool that is a very nice shamrock .
so everybody in your whole school pretty much wore green yesterday didn't they ?
you wanna work on the mouse some more ?
he is very cute .
lets see here .
oh is that his bigger eye ?
yeah .
you like to draw you know last yeah he didn't like to draw but now he really does don't you draw like every day pretty much ?
and you write lots_of letters .
you did not know this but guess what week it is for letters ?
you know I said she did not know you gotta tell her .
what week it is for letters at your school ?
can I see if you know how to make one ?
.
yeah you know how to .
big w .
oh my .
now you know what that looks like ?
I'll show you ready don't be scared .
what's that ?
&-uh huh a mean bird .
you didn't know that a mean bird had a w in it right ?
